1. The difference between Spanish and Latin American culture is that Spanish culture is from Spain, while Latin American culture is from all of the countries in Latin America. Spanish culture is considered more European, while Latin American culture is more mixed and has more indigenous roots. For example, Jesus is a common name in Latin America but not in Spain, because Latino cultures are more influenced by Christianity than European cultures are. 2. One reason Jesus is a common name in Latin America but not in Spain is that the Catholic Church is much more influential in Latin America than it is in Europe. In addition, the Spanish Inquisition was much harsher on Latin American populations than on European populations, leading to a stronger identification of Latino cultures with Christianity. 3. The predominant religions in Latin America and Spain are Christianity (Catholicism and Protestantism), Islam, and Judaism. However, there are significant differences between the three religions in these regions. Catholicism is the dominant religion in both Latin America and Spain,In Latin America, about 70% of the population identifies as Catholic, while in Spain, about 50% of the population identifies as Catholic. Protestantism is the second-largest religion in Latin America, with about 25% of the population identifying as Protestant. In Spain, however, Protestantism is much less popular, with only about 5% of the population identifying as Protestant. Islam is the second-largest religion in Spain, with about 5% of the population identifying as Muslim. However, Islam is much less popular in Latin America, with only about 1% of the population identifying as Muslim. Finally, Judaism is more popular in Latin America than it is in Spain. About 2% of the population in Latin America identifies as Jewish, while only 0.2% of the population in Spain identifies as Jewish. 4. One reason there are more theophoric placenames in Latin America than in Spain is that Spanish culture is more secular than Latin American culture. In addition, Spanish culture