1) "standing desks and accommodations in the workplace" There are a number of different types of accommodations that an employer can offer an employee in order to facilitate a disability. This can include, but is not limited to, making adjustments to the work environment, modifying the equipment an employee uses, or providing special seating arrangements. If you need an accommodation in order to do your job, you should speak with your supervisor about what might be possible. In California, there are specific laws that require employers to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities. The Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) both outline employer obligations with respect to disability accommodation. If you believe that your employer is not providing adequate accommodation, you may have grounds to file a complaint. 2) "employee accommodation laws in California" In California, there are a number of laws that require employers to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities. TheThe Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) are both Federal laws that outline employer obligations with respect to disability accommodation. The California Family Rights Act (CFRA) is a state law that provides similar protections for employees who need time off to care for a family member with a disability. If you believe that your employer is not providing adequate accommodation, you may have grounds to file a complaint. 3) "California unemployment eligibility" In order to be eligible for unemployment benefits in California, you must meet a number of requirements. To begin with, you must have earned at least $1,300 in wages in the 18 months prior to your claim. You must also be able, available, and actively seeking work. If you meet these criteria, you can file a claim online or by phone. In order to determine eligibility, the California Employment Development Department (EDD) will review your work history and earnings. They will also look at