There are a few ways that one can protect themselves from the misuse of philosophy. Firstly, it is important to be aware of the various fallacies that can occur in philosophical arguments. This can be done through studying the history of philosophy and learning about the different theories and arguments that have been put forth. Secondly, it is helpful to have a strong understanding of logic and how to identify logical fallacies. By being able to critically analyze an argument, you can get a better understanding of whether or not it is sound. Finally, it is important to read philosophy in its proper context. Many times, philosophers are addressing specific problems or issues that are relevant to their time period. It is important to understand the historical and cultural context in which a philosopher was writing in order to get the most accurate interpretation. Jordan Peterson has spoken about his views on philosophy on a few occasions. In a lecture on the psychology of belief, he said "Philosophy is based on perspective – it's inevitablyThere are a few ways that one can protect themselves from misuse of philosophy. Firstly, it is important to be aware of the fallacies that can occur in philosophical arguments. This can be done by studying the history of philosophy and learning about the different theories and arguments that have been put forth. Secondly, it is helpful to have a strong understanding of logic and how to identify logical fallacies. By being able to critically analyze an argument, you can get a better understanding of whether or not it is sound. Finally, it is important to read philosophy in its proper context. Many times, philosophers are addressing specific problems or issues that are relevant to their time period. It is important to understand the historical and cultural context in which a philosopher was writing in order to get the most accurate interpretation. Jordan Peterson has spoken about his views on philosophy on a few occasions. In a lecture on the psychology of belief, he said "Philosophy is based on perspective – it's inevitably bound up with