There are a number of signs that you may be experiencing depression when you feel overwhelmed. Feeling constantly exhausted, having problems with sleeping, anxiety, irritability, and changes in appetite are all common symptoms. You may also find it difficult to concentrate or focus on anything, and feel like everything is just too much. In severe cases, you may have thoughts of suicide or self-harm. If you are experiencing these symptoms, it's important to seek help. There are a number of effective treatments for depression, including cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT can help you understand and manage your thoughts and feelings better, which can help lessen the symptoms of depression. It's also important to make sure you're taking care of yourself both physically and emotionally. Try to get regular exercise, eat a balanced diet, and set aside time for relaxation and stress-relieving activities. If you need help sticking to these habits, don't be afraid to ask for support from loved ones or mentalThere are a number of signs that you may be experiencing depression when overwhelmed. Feeling constantly exhausted, having problems with sleeping, anxiety, irritability, and changes in appetite are all common symptoms. You may also find it difficult to concentrate or focus on anything, and feel like everything is just too much. In severe cases, you may have thoughts of suicide or self-harm. If you are experiencing these symptoms, it's important to seek help. There are a number of effective treatments for depression, including cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT can help you understand and manage your thoughts and feelings better, which can help lessen the symptoms of depression. It's also important to make sure you're taking care of yourself both physically and emotionally. Try to get regular exercise, eat a balanced diet, and set aside time for relaxation and stress-relieving activities. If you need help sticking to these habits, don't be afraid to ask for support from loved ones or mental health professionals.