Bipolar disorder is a mental illness that can cause people to experience extreme mood swings. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, bipolar disorder affects approximately 2.6 percent of the adult population in the United States. People with bipolar disorder may experience periods of mania, during which they feel extremely energetic and euphoric, and periods of depression, during which they feel sad and hopeless. Some people with bipolar disorder also experience suicidal thoughts. According to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5), there are several diagnoses for mental illness. These diagnoses include but are not limited to: major depressive disorder, dysthymic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, social anxiety disorder, and specific phobias. Addiction to porn is a relatively new phenomenon that is being studied by researchers. However, some studies have shown that porn addiction can be just as damaging asAccording to one study, "Pornography addiction is significantly associated with sexual difficulties and intimacy deficits... Individuals with higher levels of pornography addiction also had more problems with erectile function, ejaculatory function, and orgasm." Another study found that "pornography use was associated with an increased likelihood of developing sexually transmitted infections, including HIV." Video game addiction is another new phenomenon that is being studied by researchers. However, some studies have shown that video game addiction can be just as damaging as drug addiction. One study found that "excessive video game playing was significantly associated with attention problems, aggressive behaviors, and delinquency." Another study found that "video game addiction was significantly related to emotional and behavioral problems in adolescents." Alcohol addiction is a well-known phenomenon. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, "about 17 million people in the United States meet the criteria for alcohol dependence," and "alcohol abuse cost the United States $223.5