Discuss suffering in the following contexts. Describe the causes of the suffering as well as what can be done regarding the suffering.

Context: We finally own a microwave. Let me start off by saying that 2018 was actually a decent year for my fiance and I. We got engaged, I got a job that suits my mental needs more than anything I've ever had, and he got a job that doesn't make him miserable or cause his bad leg (which has steel plates in it) to act up. But one of our favorite moments of 2018, besides the engagement, was in the final days of the year. WE WERE FINALLY ABLE TO AFFORD A MICROWAVE!! We were using the one his sister had when she was living with us for a short time, but someone broke in to our trailer and stole it. They left behind the Keurig that I've had forever, the tv and Roku that were given to us, and the PS2 that I've had since middle/high school but stole the microwave. We've been trying to get back on our feet as quickly as possible and because of that, we've never been able to replace the missing "piece" of our kitchen and trying to heat leftovers felt like a hassle. But due to some fortunate events, he told me to pick one up the other day when we were at Walmart getting groceries. I guess there's really no point to this story, but I just wanted to share that little bit of success with you guys. Happy New Year, everyone!!
Suffering: Suffering has been alleviated in this situation because the author and her fiance have had a decent year. During 2018, they got better jobs which reduced their mental and physical distress. Furthermore, they were able to afford a microwave. The author wishes to share her joy. <<END>>

Context: Sometimes I just feel like crying out of nowhere. I'm 16 and probably depressed, and within the past 6-ish months I just feel like I'm gonna cry out of nowhere. like, I'll just be watching youtube, or drawing, or be in school and I'll feel like I'm gonna start crying. I've stopped going to the counselors at my school because they're no help. I probably have depression, but last time I went to check out if I did was two years ago, and I was told I didn't have it. now I'm pretty sure I do. my mom doesn't want me getting anti-depressants because she "doesn't want me to rely on medication my whole life" (she's in an essential oil MLM so that probably influences her opinion on me getting meds). so, a lot of the time it's when I'm at home that I feel like I'm gonna start crying out of nowhere, but sometimes it's at school. I don't know why this happens. and I don't like it when people try to find a reason cause I don't think there is one.
Suffering: The author is suffering because she frequently feels like crying, and she suspects she is clinically depressed. Her mother minimizes the author's suffering which likely compounds her problems. Furthermore, the author has been trained into self-abandonment as evidenced by her dislike of people trying to understand her depression. She likely believes there isn't a cause because of her mother's minimization. <<END>>

Context: How do I cure my social awkwardness? So ever since I was little, I got bullied and was pretty isolated from others. I was able to make a few friends, but it was only in school. My parents never let me go over to any friends house, hang out after school, or really talk to anyone (outside of school via things like texting n social media). Even now when I have access to social media n stuff, I can never get myself to even say hi to anyone. In situations when I'm around new people or not really close with anyone around me, I tend to just be on my own out of habit. The few times I've been able to muster up some courage, I can never carry on a conversation or say anything that would want them to talk with me more or be my friend. Even if there is people I really want to talk to and have good conversations with them, I freeze up and assume the worse case scenario, and I dont want them to think of me as a weirdo and I simply dont do anything. Anyone know how to help?
Suffering: The author is suffering from social anxiety and unprocessed childhood trauma. The author also describes a freeze response, which is very common in cases such as his. The author's condition is severe enough that he would benefit from the professional help of a trauma-informed therapist. He could also benefit from self-directed therapy in the form of self-help books. Either way, he will have to confront the pain of his childhood as part of his healing. <<END>>

Context: I really like a girl but i don't know what to do. So there's this girl ive known for years shes so sweet funny a total joy to be around and so beutiful I sometimes just get lost in her eyes when we make eye contact. I want to make her the happiest girl around and pick her up when she's felling low and put her before me and give her all the love she deserves even though I'm not sure its humanly possible to give her all the love she deserves. And I love making her smile. She has such a pretty smile. I want to hold her in my arms underneath the light of every star in the sky and make her feel like the luckiest girl in the world. She is so amazing it's hard to do her justice just typing it out but I really think I could make her so happy given the chance and I'm hoping you glorious people can help me out I don't know how to get this amazing girl.
Suffering: The author is suffering from unrequited love. He feels that he would be able to make his love happy if she would only give him the chance. Both the author and his love are young, so it is unlikely that they will be able to fully process the implications of a relationship between the two of them. Furthermore, the author seems to be desperate for love, which could indicate deeper issues of loneliness, abandonment, or depression. <<END>>

Context: <<TEXT>>
Suffering: