The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase prosperity for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
What math classes should I take for an economics phd
Let me say I am in math undergraduate. By the time I have graduated I will have taken 1st year calculus, multivariate calculus, introduction to differential equations, applied linear algebra and normal linear algebra, set theory, modern algebra, two quarters of introduction to topology, and three quarters of advanced calculus. 

real analysis is mostly taught as advanced calculus at my school, although I could take a graduate class on real analysis if needed

But I still need to plan about 8 more classes.
These classes could include statistics and probability, mathematical statistics and probability, game theory, optimization, numerical analysis, three quarters of ordinary and partial differential equations, mathematical modeling, and so on.
So I ask thee redditors: which of these should I take, as an aspiring economist?
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase prosperity:
1. "Those sound like great classes for an economics PhD! I would recommend continuing on that track and taking classes in statistics and probability, mathematical statistics and probability, game theory, optimization, numerical analysis, three quarters of ordinary and partial differential equations, mathematical modeling, and so on."

2. "It sounds like you are doing great in math! I would recommend continuing on that track and taking classes in real analysis, applied linear algebra and normal linear algebra, set theory, modern algebra, two quarters of introduction to topology, and three quarters of advanced calculus."

3. "It sounds like you are taking great classes in math! I would recommend continuing on that track and taking classes in calculus, multivariate calculus, introduction to differential equations, applied linear algebra and normal linear algebra, set theory, modern algebra, two quarters of introduction to topology, and three quarters of advanced calculus."