The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase prosperity for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
Should I inform my boss that I want leave even there is no lined up job yet?
I joined company at very beginning(when we had just 4 people, now about 40) 6 years ago. I have no issue with current job, my boss and I like friend. In 6 years I just asked for a raise once, but I have several raises in 6 years, I'm at highest rank in the team now. So I can say he treated me well(in company scope).

Reason I want to quite is we're tech company and he isn't a tech guy(sometime he ask me to install software for him lol), I feel like I can't grow any more or slowly in this field if I keep work here. I learn new things myself and suggest to change but seem company want to be at stable state for now. I want to jump and want to have more income.

I want to share my plan and he can has his own plan, that is my thought.

PS: we have bigger boss and he works oversea.

I'd like to hear from your thoughts. Thank you for reading.
——

Update: Thank you everyone here for your great advices, explaination and realistic cases. That is awesome and I’m appreciated.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase prosperity:
1. "It can be difficult to make a change like this, but it's important to do what's best for yourself. I believe you can make it happen."
2. "It can be scary to take the leap, but you may find that things turn out better than you expect."
3. "It sounds like you have put a lot of thought into this decision. I'm here to support you however I can."
4. "Leaving a job can be a very risky move, but I believe you have what it takes to make it work."
5. "It can be difficult to know when it's time to move on, but I believe you have the intuition to make the right decision."