The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase prosperity for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
I have no life, no friends, job, confidence, nothing going for me at all. I just wanna end my life. I do not know how to fix my life. where do i start?
I turn 19 years old in 2 months. I graduated highschool not long ago and I have been laying in bed and playing video games and watching porn and youtube all day ever since.

I have no friends, no girlfriend (and im still a virgin) nor a job. i dont even have any hobbies. whenever i try to make a change i give up quickly and then start back at square one.

I also have immense envy towards teenagers, especially younger boys, who are living better lives than me. boys who have hobbies, girlfriends (or experienced sexual activities before.) friends etc. I know what im gonna say next will be controversial... but I also envy teenage boys who have sex with attractive older women. Whenever i cases of female teacher-male student sexual relationships on the news I cant help but wish to be them. In general however, i envy young teenage boys who experience all the things i wish i could.

I feel like such a fucking loser. I have nothing to do all day and my life has no direction.

I have no motivation or ambitions and im sick of wasting my life.

where can i start? what can i do to fix my life?

EDIT: To those of you saying to get a therapist and start taking medication, im already am. i have been taking therapy for years and im on antio depressants but it hasnt helped much.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase prosperity:
1. "It sounds like you're feeling really down and discouraged right now. It's understandable that you might feel like giving up. But I want you to know that there is help and hope available. There are many resources and people who want to help you get through this tough time. I'm here for you, and I want to help you find the resources you need."

2. "It sounds like you're feeling really lost and alone right now. That can be a really tough place to be. But I want you to know that you're not alone. There are many people who care about you and want to help you get through this tough time. I'm here for you, and I want to help you find the resources you need."

3. "It sounds like you're feeling really down and discouraged right now. It's understandable that you might feel like giving up. But I want you to know that there is help and hope available. There are many resources and people who want to help you get through this tough time. I'm here for you, and I want to help you find the resources you need. If you want, I can also recommend some counseling or therapy that may be helpful."