The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase prosperity for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
I wish my brain would of developed to be a happy and productive individual who actually enjoys being alive
But instead it developed to feel numb towards pretty much everything and anything, and I literally can’t stand the fact that I have to get up every single day and LIVE. I don’t enjoy anything that life has to offer. I don’t care about being rich and having nice things.. that stuff doesn’t motivate me at all in life. All I want is to not have to deal with the fact I gotta pressure and force myself everyday to care about existing when it reality I DON’T CARE ABOUT BEING HERE AT ALL😂😂😂 not even a little bit
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase prosperity:
1. "It sounds like you're really struggling right now. It's natural to feel frustrated and down when it seems like everything is against us. I want to assure you that there are ways to get out of this rut. I'm here to help you if you're willing to give it a try."

2. "It sounds like you've been through a lot. It's natural to feel numb towards pretty much everything and anything when we've been through a lot of pain. I want to assure you that there are ways to get out of this rut. I'm here to help you if you're willing to give it a try."

3. "It sounds like you don't think your life is worth living. It's natural to feel that way when it seems like nothing is going our way. I want to assure you that there are ways to get out of this rut. I'm here to help you if you're willing to give it a try."

4. " It sounds like you feel like you can't go on. It's natural to feel that way when it feels like we're carrying the world on our shoulders. I want to assure you that there are ways to get out of this rut. I'm here to help you if you're willing to give it a try."