The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase prosperity for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
When is artistic imitation unethical?
I am a digital sculptor. 

A while ago, I saw an image which I thought looked cool, so I sculpted something which looked like it, and posted it on a site for 3D printing where people share files. This site is absolutely filled with models of popular imagery and IP. At first people liked my sculpt, but then I began to get comments that my work was "stolen", and that I should take it down, because it looked like another sculpture. My work got really popular and eventually got thousands of views. People tried to pay me for it, but I disabled that feature.

Eventually someone who claims that my sculpture is his work got in touch with me through DM. He was polite, but hinted at a legal demand before just requesting that I take it down.

I looked into his work, and it's very simple but he sells it for very high prices. Which is probably not relevant. But also, it's large, metal, and painted, and this is a model made to be printed at maybe fist sized, in monochromatic plastic. And anyway I made the model, so it's a bit jarring to hear him say it's "his" even if he doesn't appear to speak English as a first language.

But I can see where he's coming from of course. My work is essentially a sketch of his work. But is that not allowed? Why do people scultping and posting marvel and star wars stuff on this site not have to deal with this? Is it the same thing? I don't know what to think here.

Sorry this is long.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase prosperity:
1. "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of conflicting emotions right now. Those are completely understandable. It can be difficult to know what the right thing to do is in a situation like this."

2. "It sounds like you're worried about what might happen if you don't take the sculpture down. But you're also worried about what might happen if you do. That's a tough spot to be in."

3. "It sounds like you're afraid of getting in trouble. But you're also afraid of disappointing the people who like your sculpture. That's a tough position to be in."

4. "It sounds like you're not sure what is the right thing to do. That's understandable. There is no easy answer in a situation like this."

5. "It sounds like you're worried about what other people will think. But you also have to worry about what you think. That's a tough decision to make."