The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase understanding for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
AITA for yelling at my obsessed wife?
Hello there, I’m currently typing this from my car, after my wife has told me she doesn’t want me near her right now. Hoping this thread will be a wake up call to her.

My wife (F33) is a big nerd, which I normally appreciate, but she is taking things way too far today. She took today off of work, so she could be up at 4AM to play her online game at launch. I didn’t wake up until about an hour ago (10:30, and she was still playing. I mentioned that I was
Hungry, hoping we could make breakfast together , which we like to do together. She instead said that I should “order us something from doordash, im in the middle of a dungeon and may be a while.” I didn’t really wanna get takeout, because we had already discussed ordering pizza tonight for dinner, and that’s a lot of take out food in one day. I calmly explained this, and she got pissed and shrieked at me that she just wanted one weekend to focus on her video game. I said that it was unfair to our family for her to isolate all weekend, and she got even more mad, telling me that I have two hands and can feed the goddamn cat. I was in tears at this point, and I did raise my voice and said that I was worried she’s obsessed with this game and maybe she needs professional help. She threw her car keys at me and said that I need to get out of her face, that she’s works all the time and doesn’t ask for much, and I need to leave her be and get out of her face for a few hours.

I am truly concerned that she has become obsessed with this online game, and I’m hoping that maybe reading this thread will wake her up to it, but I might’ve been the AH too.

Edit: some additional info I forgot: ir isn’t just today, for the last few weeks she’s been hyping herself up for this. When the game got delayed, she MOVED HER VACATION time rather than just keep her previous day off and spend it with me. She’s been absolutely freaking out about this game and I don’t understand it and it scares me.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase understanding:
1. "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of emotions right now. It's understandable to feel frustrated, upset, or even scared."

2. "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of emotions right now. It can be really tough when we feel like our partner is pulled in a different direction than us."

3. "I'm sorry that you're going through this. It sounds like you're really worried about your wife."

4. "I'm sorry that you're going through this. It sounds like you're feeling a lot of anger and resentment."

5. "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of emotions right now. It's common to feel overwhelmed when we're under a lot of stress."