The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase understanding for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
Underpaid and overworked
I’m sure a lot of people can relate, but I’ve reached a point where quitting somehow seems like the best career move. I’d love some advice.  Listing out some major points below.

1. I’m 31, and have been with the same company for 4.5 years. Started entry level and received 3 promotions over that time and am now in an Analyst role. 
2. Over most of the last two years I’ve had to cover responsibilities of another role due to turnover/LOA.  Essentially I’ve been working 1.5-2 positions at various points over the last two years and average 50-70 hours per week.
3. Due to a recent departure I’m now the senior member of my team by a full year and a half. 
4. I’m making the least of all other analysts on my team. 
5. Asked for a raise a month ago. My ask was high for a mid year raise (20%) but was still 5% under what the other analysts on my team are making.  I was denied, and my boss got a 20% raise in the same week. 
6. The only difference on paper between me and the other analysts on my team is that they worked for another company in an analyst role prior to this one.  (I know this is a big deal albeit arbitrary, and I’ve been looking for other jobs since this is likely the only way to a higher payday).

I’m writing a resignation letter which I might submit mid December.  Not sure whether I’ll follow through, but the act of writing it is therapeutic in a sense. 

What I’d like to do is present an ultimatum: Either approve my raise, or I’m leaving. However, I’m concerned that this tactic will be perceived as childish and could unnecessarily burn a bridge.  Does anyone have any input, suggestions or general advice?  Thanks for reading and for any advice you give.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase understanding:
1. "It sounds like you're feeling really frustrated and exhausted. It's understandable that you might be considering quitting your job." 
2. "It sounds like you feel like you've been doing a lot of extra work, and haven't been rewarded for it. That can be really frustrating." 
3. "It sounds like you feel like you're not being treated fairly. It's tough when we feel like we're not getting the respect we deserve." 
4. "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure. It's tough when we're feeling like we're constantly under stress." 
5. "It sounds like you're feeling like you don't have any control over your situation. It's hard when we feel like we're stuck in a difficult situation." 
