The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase understanding for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
My (23f) husband (32m) keeps on talking to me about the risks of childbirth, mortality rates, etc. I’m currently 6 months pregnant, and has asked me where my important documents are “in case things go wrong”. I’m already scared to give birth, what can I say to him to get him to stop?
I (23f) am 6 months pregnant. My husband (32m) is very excited for us to start a family, he’s been very involved in coming to every appointment, sonogram, picking out clothes and furniture for the nursery, etc. all in all he’s been very supportive in almost ways except one. 

He’s recently started talking to me about the risks of childbirth, mortality rates, etc. The first time he brought it up I just listened to him and was like oh okay good to know, but let’s just hope everything goes well. He said okay, he just thought it was important for me to know. A few weeks later he brought it up again. He told me he wants to be sure I know as much as possible, I told him what would really help is him looking into ways to alleviate pain during childbirth, breathing techniques, etc. 

Yesterday he brought it up again, but this time it was more personal-he asked me if I was sure all of my important documents were in our safe. I told him yes, and asked him why. He told me he was just making a plan for in case “things don’t work out” during childbirth. 

This is beginning to psych me out. I was already nervous about giving birth and this made it so much worse. What else can I say to him to get him to stop bringing this up?
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase understanding:
1. "It sounds like you're really worried about the risks of childbirth. Do you have any specific concerns that you'd like to talk about?"
2. "It's natural to be worried about childbirth, but it's important to remember that most births go smoothly. Are there any other things that are worrying you?"
3. "It's understandable to be scared about childbirth. However, it's important to focus on the positive and have hope that everything will go well. What are some things that make you feel positive about the birth?"
4. "I can understand why you're concerned about childbirth. However, it's important to remember that we don't know what will happen. We can only prepare for the best and hope for the best."