The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to increase understanding for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
Brain spotting/eye gazing
Hey, I started brain spotting with my therapist... We more or less sat it a room for 30 minutes and made eye contact without talking... 

It was an extremely interesting experience, I felt kinda disassociated from my body. And I felt his presence very strongly 

His face kept of getting all distorted, and the lighting in the room kept on changing kinda like a mild LSD trip 

He told me that most of the "processing" takes place outside of the therapy room

I have noticed that I am a lot more hyper aware and mindful about everything now... Kinda in an anxious way

Not really present in the moment, kinda lost in thought always. Not really even coming up with thoughts, more like just unable or uninterested in being social

Sorta feels like it used to feel when I was taking ADHD medication 


Would like to hear input from people in the field, or people who have experienced something similar
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to increase understanding:
1. "It sounds like you had an interesting experience! Eye gazing can be a powerful way to connect with someone and explore your thoughts and feelings."

2. "From what you've said, it seems like you may have experienced some of the effects of brain spotting. It's normal to feel a bit disassociated or lose focus during the process."

3. "It's great that you're being more mindful and aware of your thoughts and feelings since beginning brain spotting. However, if you're finding that you're constantly lost in thought, it might be helpful to talk to your therapist about it."