Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

AITA for doing my dishes and not my roommates.
Throw away because my roommate follows me on Reddit. 

Ok so basically I(23m) do my own dishes in my shared apartment with my roommate (20m). I try and wash my dishes right away, for example as soon as I finished cooking, I’ll immediately cook my pot, pan or whatever I used and put it on the drying rack. Same goes for plates and such, as soon as I finished eating I go wash them and put them in on the rack. This way of cleaning was drilled into me when I was a kid and have always done my dishes right away. For the most part I thought this was fine, I’m doing my dishes and not making a mess. My roommate doesn’t really do the same, he will do his dishes but most times will let them pile up before he does them. I’m perfectly fine with this, we have our own personal dishes we like and won’t touch each other’s stuff. So it doesn’t bother me if he has a sink full of dishes since it’s not really inconveniencing me in anyway.

Now where the issue comes in is that this morning my roommate bursts into my room and starts yelling at me while I’m in a very important interview (I’m a journalist and it took me months to set this interview up so I may be a little biased right now due to my anger that’s why I need an outside opinion) and had to reschedule cause my roommate wouldn’t leave my room or stop yelling at me… and if I’m being honest I don’t think I’m going to get a second chance at this interview but I’m getting off topic. 
So my roommate starts yelling at me about how that I left a bunch of muck at the bottom of the sink and on his dishes from doing my dishes, now I won’t say that isn’t true because it is but I do clean off my plates into the compost to the best of my abilities and I will wipe down his dishes on top if I see any muck that I may have gotten on to them, but I think it’s a little ridiculous that he gets angry at me because his dishes get more dirty from me doing mine since he doesn’t do them. I told him this and it just pissed him off more, he was was yelling at me about how if I’m going to do my dishes why don’t I just do his at the same time so this isn’t a problem and I responded by telling him I’m not going to do his dishes for him since it’s not my problem, I’m not the one who used them so why should  I have to do them? He than just kept going in about how it’s so that we don’t have a bunch of muck at the bottom of the sink, it makes it harder to do his own dishes, and that he does my dishes all the time so it’s only fair I do his. Now I know that last point isn’t true cause like I said I have and always will do my dishes right away. He also does this thing where he will just leave the sink plug in for whatever reason and when he finally gets to his dishes there just a gross puddle of sludge in the sink. 

Does he have a point am I being an asshole and unfair to him by doing my own dishes and not doing his at the same time or am I in the right? 

Thanks

Ideas for benevolent AI to reduce suffering:
-The AI could try to talk to the roommate and explain that the dishes get dirtier when two people do them at the same time, and suggest that the roommate does his dishes at a different time than the user.
-The AI could try to convince the roommate to do his dishes at the same time as the user, or to at least clean the sink out after every use.
-The AI could try to buy the roommate a dishwasher, or suggest that he does his dishes in the bathroom sink to avoid the build-up of gunk.