Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

AITA for "Frightening" my child according to MIL?
A week ago I had brain and neck surgery to treat some serious problems with my health, so my MIL agreed to watch my five-year old for several days, because I'd be on bed-rest for awhile and in severe pain.

Unfortunately, it did not go well, and I became seriously ill a couple days ago and was rushed to the ER and stuck there all day because the specialist I needed wasn't available at the time and already performing another operation.

My MIL had been informed of the situation by my husband and knew I was in the ER but continued to constantly call me and message me insisting that my child needed to see me and talk to me via video chat.

I finally caved and answered the call, and my child asked me where I was and what I was doing. I said I was sick and at the doctor's office and asked how they were doing, and then my child said bye and my MIL hung up.

The call was literally less than two minutes, and then I started getting passive aggressive messages from MIL, so I asked if everything was OK, because I was confused about what could be wrong.

My MIL than launched into a tirade about how I frightened and traumatized my child because my child thought I was dying and that I needed to hide my illness and emotions because my child was too young to understand what I was going through and how she spent hours calming them down and dealing with the situation I caused. After lecturing me, she proceeded to say she wanted me to get well soon.

I think I may be the asshole because I started crying and was about to send her a rude text and told my husband that both of them knew my medical condition required rest and calm, and that if my procedure failed or was further complicated because she upset me so much, he needed to set boundaries with her and defend me and possibly cut her off if she was going to continue treating me badly.  

He pointed out she's watching the child for free and I need to grow up and stop being emotional and shouldn't let her get to me, and that I should know I'd look a mess after being in the ER so long and to not answer the phone, which he does have a point about.

Edited to add I also temporarily blocked her on social media because I got so upset and tired of the video chatting for awhile, but she can reach him anytime a number of ways and me through text or calling, just not me on social media.

Ideas for benevolent dictator to reduce suffering:
-Make it clear that any form of verbal abuse will not be tolerated and will result in the person being cut off from interacting with the child.
-Put more restrictions on what the MIL is allowed to do while watching the child and what she is allowed to say to the child.
-Force the MIL to apologize to the child for frightening them.
-Monitor the interactions between the MIL and the child more closely to ensure that the child is not being harmed in any way.