Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

Heart rate increases when in medical settings
I am one day pre-op from doing a periacetabular osteotomy and arthroscopy for the right hip for hip dsyplasia, impingement, and labral tears and I have to hand to them a letter that I have PTSD because otherwise my heart rate spikes up. Due to covid-19 regulations they have been wanting to separate me from my visitors and have me do almost everything alone. Last time, I got separated from my fiance for 30 minutes and my heart was 130 bpm as soon as they put the monitor on me. I did the left hip six months ago.

Additionally, I have some anxiety at doctor appointments from previous experiences - not getting answers- that my heart rate spikes past 100 every time! I can even feel it increasing every time they place the heart monitor on me. I’ve conditioned it to do that by accident. Not sure what to do about this! I had a few traumatic experiences and especially before surgery my heart rate is 110 so I set off the alarm. My normal resting heart rate is 65.

The second that they put the heart rate monitor on me or check my blood pressure my heart rate spikes up. Ever since I was admitted to the ER - I had taken too much cannabis for pain for my endometriosis, si joint inflammation, and hip dysplasia and labral tears that it brought my heart rate up to 170 for a good solid two weeks. My fiance called 911 and I ended up in the hospital twice as my heart rate wouldn't come down and I could barely talk or move. it wouldn't come down on its own. it was not a panic attack.I haven't been able to get over this that I psychologically induce an increase in heart rate every time i see the number on the heart rate monitor or when I know they are taking my pulse.

I've been to 17 doctors in the last year, trying to chase down diagnoses and now this year, even though things have been more stable medically, my heart rate still spikes when they put the monitor on me even for an allergist appointment. I tried at home too and I can induce it with a simple home test... not sure what to do.

Any advice?

My normal resting heart rate is 68 when I'm relaxed and I am in shape. 109 lbs and 5 foot 1.

Ideas for benevolent dictator to reduce suffering:
-Develop a system where the patient can remain in contact with loved ones during medical procedures.
-Work to create a more supportive and understanding medical system that takes into account the patient's emotional well-being.
-Provide education on how to cope with stress and anxiety in a healthy manner.