Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

How should the remaining global emissions budget be allocated between nations?
This sounds like it should be a really technocratic question and thus not suited for a forum like this but it's really a question of justice and ethics, and thus suited for basically anywhere.

The IPCC gives us about 460Gigatons of CO2 left that we can afford to emit for a 50% chance at holding warming under 1.5C. The actual budget is going to vary based on choice of temperature targets and desired chances of hitting that target (for example if you want a 66% chance of 1.5C the budget drops to 360GT). If you were a global central planner, how would you allocate this budget? 

You could do it based on population, in which case the US would have a budget of 19GT, the PRC would have a budget of 80.5GT, and Brazil would have 12.2GT.

You could do it based on current GDP, in which case the US would have a budget of 110GT, the PRC would have 69GT (nice), and Brazil would have 11.6GT

These are just a couple of options to get discussion going, but because the budget is a set number, assigning additional emissions capacity to one country necessarily denies that emissions capacity to any other country.

Ideas for benevolent dictator to reduce suffering:
-Enact legislation that would reduce the carbon emissions in the United States. This could include a carbon tax, regulations on emissions, and subsidies for renewable energy.
-Promote the use of sustainable practices around the world. This could include things like promoting the use of renewable energy, investing in public transportation, and creating incentives for sustainable farming practices.
- Advocate for sensible climate change policy at the international level. This could include things like pushing for the ratification of the Paris Agreement, financing climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in developing countries, and creating a global carbon pricing system.