Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

My parents never taught me our native language and I feel isolated
My parents are from a small island in the Mediterranean with its own language. They emigrated to the U.K. over 30 years ago and so I was born and brought up in England. 
My dad grew up speaking English mainly in the home (unfortunately due to colonisation, English was deemed “better” and “more proper”) - so to this day my dad speaks English even with his own family that live there (he can understand and speak the native island language also)

When my parents moved to England there was not as many immigrants in the area so my mum was told by my dad’s side of the family not to speak the language and to teach me only English to “fit in”.

Growing up I visited the island every year for summer but never was able to pick up the language. It was fine as everyone speaks English (apart from my grandparents who could not- this would upset me) the problem is the language is so niche and hybrid that it is so difficult to learn. It is not spoken outside of the island hence even more difficult to learn.

Basically I am now 30 and still unable to speak and barely understand the language.

I have grown up with a lot of resentment to my parents for not sharing their language with me or for my mother for not standing up and sharing the language. My grandparents are no longer with us but of course I could never communicate with them if it wasn’t translated. 

I don’t feel English but at the same time I can’t say I’m “from” the island because I can’t even speak their language.

Had anyone had this experience?

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to reduce suffering:
-I'm sorry that you feel isolated and left out. It must be difficult not being able to communicate with your family in their native language.
-Is there a way that I can help you learn the language? I'm happy to help tutor you or even connect you with someone who can help.
-It's understandable that you feel resentment towards your parents for not sharing their language with you. However, try to remember that they may have had their own reasons for not doing so.
-I'm here for you if you ever want to talk about this experience or anything else that's going on in your life.