Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

Can’t decide if I should leave my easy/low paying job for high pay and more responsibility
Earlier this year I was working in a tax firm. Suffered a miscarriage and had a mental break down which resulted in me quitting my job and taking 6 months off.

Got a job in October that is 100% remote, Monday-Friday, 9-5. Extremely easy. The pay is low but it’s enough for me to get by and still be able to buy a few things I enjoy here and there(33k a year) and it’s currently contract with high possibility of becoming full time in April.

Yesterday I got a message on my LinkedIn from a HR representative from a tax firm asking if I would be interested in interviewing for a position that just opened up. I always believe in keeping your options open so I decided why not. The job has a lot more responsibility, would have to go into the office on Tuesdays and Thursdays. If anyone is familiar with tax firms, February-April is crazy busy so I would have insane amounts of over time. Benefits and the pay would be about 50k a year. Maybe 52k a year if lucky for right now.

I did the math and it’s about an extra $11,971 a year for more work but more “stress”.

I know this kind of seems like a no brainer but I am worried about my mental health and ending up regretting taking the job once the stress hits.

Edit: the HR guy I spoke with today said he told the office manager that I should be top priority and that I seem like a perfect fit. So that’s why I am kind of already debating on the possibility of taking the job

Ideas for competent government to reduce suffering:
-Competent government could provide resources for those who have suffered a miscarriage or mental break-down, such as counseling or therapy services.
-Competent government could provide financial assistance to those who are struggling to make ends meet, in order to help them afford basic needs such as food and housing.
-Competent government could create or support programs that offer flexible or remote work opportunities, in order to reduce stress levels for employees.