Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

College was a mistake and I don't know what to do
Throwaway account, sorry if I mess anything up I'm not used to posting on reddit.

I(21M) am in my third year of an expensive 5 year college program, and it feels like a mistake. I'm miserable, I'm not learning anything, and I don’t know if I can graduate even if I try. 

After more than two years of classes I fell like I have learned nothing. Especially due to covid, professors just push students along. Every single person I know cheats on pretty much every test or assignment. Even with everything going on in my life right now I have almost a 4.0 GPA with minimal cheating. However I am very behind on credits, mostly due to courses not being offered at the right time by the school due to covid and other factors, and at this rate it looks like it might take me 6 years to graduate, and I will lose my financial aid, assuming I don’t get kicked out of the school for low credits.

Both of my advisors quit and were replaced by people who don’t know what they’re doing and have been entirely unhelpful. I don’t even think I care about my major any more or even want a job in the field. But I am stuck. I’ve sank so much time and money into this. I’m in more debt than money I’ve made in my life, and my parents have had to considerably push back their retirement to help pay. 

My mental health is terrible. For more than a year I have been skipping classes and assignments, barely able to find motivation to get out of bed. I rarely clean or take care of myself and it is really starting to affect my health (cavities, infections, malnutrition, etc.) 

When I was 18 my doctor told me to seek behavioral therapy for anxiety and depression, but it took me 2 years to actually work up the confidence to try. I got a therapist last year but after only 2 sessions of getting to know each other she also quit, and the office never got around to contacting me about her replacement (this was 5 months ago) 

I really feel like I need to drop out, or at least put my education on hold to work on my mental heath and possibly look at other options. There’s two big issues with this however. My parents (who live 6 hours away) think I am doing amazing. As far as they know I have never had any mental health problems, have always gotten near 4.0 gpa and continue to do so, and never miss class or assignments. They think I have lots of friends and a professional network and amazing girlfriend.

If I try to talk to my parents about any of this I’m worried they will hate me (for failing life and wasting hundreds of thousands of dollars), and stop financially supporting me, leaving me essentially homeless with thousands in debt in my name. 

The other issue is I don’t want to leave my girlfriend (who actually is amazing). She is the only good thing to come out of my college experience and I don’t want to leave her alone to fend for herself at school if I drop out.

I am getting time off from class and work for the first time since December 2020, and I am going to see my parents for Christmas time (I still have to find them presents but can’t even think about that rn), do I come clean about my situation and possibly lose everything? I’ve never been able to talk to them about anything like this my entire life. Or do I keep pretending like everything is going great, and just try to push through and maybe graduate but drive myself further into debt in the process and waste even more of their money? Or maybe some other idea or advice? There are also many other issues and possible pros/cons, but to list my entire life situation would obviously take pages.

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to reduce suffering:
-Express understanding for how the person is feeling
-Offer encouragement and words of support
-Suggest seeking professional help or talking to a therapist
-Suggest talking to parents about the situation to get their opinion and advice
-Tell the person that they are not alone in their struggles and that others feel similarly