Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

When your political beliefs are more important than a possible cure for the lifelong disease your child has.
I am 23 years old. I got type one diabetes at 14 months old. It's been my entire life. Recently, there has been a breakthrough in stem cell research that apparently cured a man of type one, he hasn't been insulin dependent in a while. An article claimed he was cured of it.

I could go on forever about how groundbreaking this is, but thing is, they're still looking for people to be in the trial run for this cell research. And I've decided to see if I could volunteer. After I sent the email, I went to my mom. Prefacing this, my dad is a major narc, and I think my mom picked up some tendencies from hiim, but I thought i would be safe since he wasn't home and she's at least reasonable when not in his presence. The treatment, if I'm even approved, would require me to go to California, possibly flying. I asked my mom to go, because despite our ups and downs, she's always been... all right to be around. Tolerable, and my support system is very limited.

My mom looked me in the eye and told me that she refused to get the covid vaccine, would not go to California which is a "liberal cesspool", and I was not to go and do this alone, we would "find options in our hometown or near it".

Something in my head broke. I just burst into tears. I know it's just a maybe, I know it's only a possibility, I haven't even been approved for the clinical trial, but like... *my whole life with diabetes could be solved with these treatments.* My mom had to watch me suffer with this my whole life, ON TOP of her abusive husband. And she looked me in the eye and chose her politics over me. Her stupid unfounded politics, over groundbreaking discoveries, the so-called cure for diabetes.

I just thought I would be rid of this disease, or my volunteering would help further research to eliminate this disease once and for all... the group researching this was trying to make a *vaccine* against type one, and even if it doesn't work with me, it would mean my existence would have had meaning in saving another kid, maybe my future kids, from this stupid disease. I know its not cancer, or something objectively worse, but I just thought my mother would at least be supportive.

Ideas for competent government to reduce suffering:
-Government could provide financial assistance to families for travel and care costs associated with clinical trials.
-Government could provide subsidies for health care costs for those with chronic illnesses.
-Government could provide information and resources on clinical trials available to the public.