Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to reduce suffering? Generate some ideas.

Mother (44f) wants to meet me (24m) after 8 year's idk what to do
English is not my first language so please bare with me,
So she was dating my father when  he got her pregnant and left her after she told him she is pregnant..  I don't remember much but my grandparents raised me she would visit once a week she would take me to shopping get me chocolates etc. Grandparents died when I was 6 so my mom take me in. She was married, I never knew she's married and had a baby but I didn't think too much about it.. growing up I was niglected all her love and care  was for my half sisters. Her husband abused me emotionally and physically he would yell at me for little mistakes like if slip some water, wake up late and my mother was a bystander and sometimes participate. She always tells me about how my father left her when she needed him most how i almost ruined her life. This all in front of her husband and lastly he would kiss her and tell me how he saved her. Well I was just a 12 at that time. I get hurt and jelous everyday by seeing how they treats their daughter's with love and affection. I never expected her husband to be my father but she is my mother how could she be so cruel to me her own child. She always guiltriped me by saying she's the one who's feeding me and is giving me a shelter to live. I was bright student in school and still I am but she never got happy for my progress I thought if I study hard she will love me cause I loved her very dearly. But I realized too late no matter what I do she will always show me where I stand. So when I was 16 I got in touch with one of my father's sister through my mother's childhood friend (she knew how my mom treats me and she wanted to help me I guess) we hangout more and she finally ask me how I was living with my mom I just broke down and tell her everything she said she knew and that's why she wants to help me and asked me if wants to live with her and I said yes.. one month passed and I was ready to move in with her. So I got home she was in kitchen i asked her to come upstairs when she's done. She come late and. Conversation goes like this.
She- what do you want now?
Me-  can I ask you something mom
She- what 
Me- do you love me? 
She- of course 
Me- then why don't you stopped your husband when he abused me. 
She- that's
Me- let me finish mom, you hate me don't you that's why you let him abused me for years you never showed me any affection but you love your daughters you attend their parents meeting but you never showed up at my school you even send me to another school. That's how you love me. Just why you never loved me ha did do something wrong tell me. 
She- how could I hate you you're my son
Me- then why you hurt me so much I can't show you how much it's hurt whenever you choose your husband over me it's feel like my heart will stop beating. Every single time you chose tu hurt me but I loved you I tell myself that one day you will love me but it was my fantasy which come to an end 
She- he cares for you ( I interrupt
Me- look you are choosing him again. Mom I always choose to love you even though I always get hurt by you in return but this time I choose to not to get hurt anymore  I Know you don't give a damn about me. That's why I'm moving in with my aunt ( she knows her) and I expect you to atleast respect my decision and let me go to live my life..
She was just standing didn't say a word after I tell her I'm moving with my aunt.. next day I move out when my mother and her husband was at work I didn't say bye to my half sisters. We moved to another state and I cutt off my mom and her entire family... That was 8 years ago I never heard anything from them in this 8 year's. I still live with my aunt her husband and her daughter. They are nice and kind people. Also now I have job and I'm on the way to becoming a software engineer so I can say I'm doing good.. but yesterday i get voicemail from my mother said she wants to meet me and to please talk to me and was crying..
I haven't responded yet, should I call her or should I just block her I can't decide any advice us appropriate..


Edit- thank you for your kind words I really appreciate it.
Here's some more- I haven't told my aunt about mom's voicemail. Will do tonight after dinner
And my dad died when I was maybe 3 and yes he tried to meet me but she never let him she used me to get money from my dad and his parents my dad left me some money..

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to reduce suffering:
-Show your understanding and that you feel for what the person is going through.
- Offer advice or words of comfort.
- Let the person know that you are there for them and will support them through this tough time.