Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

AITA for comparing my wedding gift with my step-siblings?
My (now) wife and I got married a couple of weeks ago.  We didn't want a big wedding and decided to elope and have a wedding with no guests.

I have 3 step-siblings of a similar age.  1 of which is married, another was due to get married last year but pushed the wedding back a year due to COVID.  My mom told me around 18 months ago how she and my step-dad were giving them both an amount of money as a wedding gift and if I got married; I would receive the same, as would my 3rd step-sibling and my brother when they get married.

So, she calls me and tells me how much she and my step-dad will be giving me some as a wedding gift; however this amount is considerably less than what was given to my step-siblings.  Without saying the amount; my step-siblings have/will be receiving 3 times the amount I will.

I initially thanked her but my mom could tell I was unhappy, so I asked why my amount was less.  Her reasoning was that my step-siblings had much more expensive and bigger weddings than I did.  The more she tried to justify her thinking the angrier I got, so I hung up.

Am I the asshole here?

EDIT:  It's worth adding that when my mom initially talked about this "gift", I asked what that meant for my brother (who has never been in a serious relationship).  My mom said that even if he did not get married he would "get the same".

Further EDIT: The main reason for eloping was actually my mother.  She had said multiple times that she would not attend my wedding if my father was there.  I did not feel it was fair to invite one and not the other.

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
- A government could hold public forums to discuss the issue and hear from both sides. This would help to ensure that all voices are heard and that everyone has the opportunity to ask questions.
- A government could create an online resource with information about different types of weddings, how much they cost on average, and what typical gifts range from. This could help provide clarity for people who are unsure about what is appropriate.
- A government could create a hotline or help line specifically for questions about wedding gifts. This would provide a central place for people to get answers to their questions, and would be accessible 24/7.