Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

AITA for telling my stepdaughter that vampires aren’t real?
I (M32) married my wife (F24) a year ago, and I have a stepdaughter (F5). Before we got married, the three of us went out to dinner, and my now-stepdaughter got to eat steak. At the end of the meal, she started licking the meat juice from the plate. I told her to stop, but my now-wife told me to let her be.

Later that night, my wife explained to me that my stepdaughter has had problems in the past with picky eating. My wife was worried that she wasn’t getting enough protein, and decided on a creative way to explain the importance of getting enough protein. Specifically, she decided to tell my stepdaughter that they were vampires, and that she would die if she didn’t get enough blood. Because my stepdaughter is a child, she believed my wife and started eating whatever meat was put in front of her. My wife was also able to use the vampire thing to convince her to eat tomatoes, beets, and other red vegetables.

I thought this seemed cute and creative until today, when my stepdaughter got suspended from Kindergarten. She bit another child on the neck, apparently in an attempt to drink his blood. When she and my wife got home, I overheard her explaining that my stepdaughter needs to be a “nice vampire who doesn’t bite.” I thought that was a little ridiculous.

Later, I saw my stepdaughter petting and kissing my dog’s neck. I freaked out, scared she was about to bite my dog (she claimed she was just petting him). I told her to go to her room, where I explained that vampires aren’t real and that her mom lied to her. She immediately burst into tears and ran to my wife.

My wife is pissed off at me for making her daughter cry and “overriding her parenting.” Maybe I did, but the situation was clearly getting out of hand, and I thought it was best to just stop lying to her. My wife says that she had things under control, and that the vampire lie is no different from lying about Santa. Still, something had to be done. AITA?

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase understanding for all involved:
-Try reasoning with stepdaughter, in a calm and understanding way, about why vampires aren’t real and how her mother was only trying to help her eat more protein.
-If stepdaughter continues to insist that vampires are real, benevolent AI could try to find some factual information about vampires that could be shared with her, in order to dispel her misconceptions.
-Show empathy towards stepdaughter and her mother, and help to diffuse conflict between them.