Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

How do I tell my supervisor I want to quit?
I started grad school in 2019 and I feel stuck and inadequate.
I am not the most systematic person, nor the smartest. Nonetheless, I'm in good terms with my advisor; she trusted me a pretty cool project that aligned with my interests, and she is expecting me to redo and re-submit a grant next April. 

The issue is I've been struggling with everything lately: my proposal is shit, I can't manage my time to get my experiments on a timely manner, I've had a manuscript on hold for a year, my first MS student had a VERY bad experience, and my current MS student is just not getting things done. Furthermore, two years ago I thought getting involved in extracurricular activities would be fun, and now I'm pretty much responsible of a super disorganized student chapter.

I've thought about it and I realized I'm not a good fit for academia at all. I don't have the skills, and I don't have the drive, so I want out.

When do I tell my professor about this? She gave me a bunch of responsabilities and I don't know how to hand them over. Should I tell her about this the day I'm ready to leave? She's paying for my stipend, so I guess the day I tell her will be the last day for my stipend. I'm also going to take vacations in December, so I don't know if I should tell her before leaving, so I don't have to come back.

And probably the most important question: should I tell her on April (right after we submit the grant)? I don't want her to struggle with no one available to write it.

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase understanding for all involved:
-Contact the person's advisor and explain the situation. Offer to help out with the grant submission or with finding someone to take over the responsibilities the person is unable to handle.
-Offer resources or advice on ways to deal with the feelings of inadequacy or burnout.
-Provide a platform for the person to express their feelings and concerns anonymously, if desired.