Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

My ferritin level has gone from 600+ to 15 in span of 5 months.
58 female Australia 118 kg 165 cm
Many many diagnosed conditions, including pcos, sleep apneoa, ptsd, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, pad,nueropothy, anxiety, depression, retinoschisis, fatty liver and Necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum, 
Medications
Diabex
Insulin
Jairdianow 
Twynsta 
Seroquel 
Effexor
Piax
Palexia
Spiractin
Cauvest
Salpraz
Xanax
Vit d


I have always had issue with iron and ferritin deficiency from the time of my periods starting (about 15). Around 48 I had a partial hysterectomy (still have ovaries) and for about 2 years I was fine. Then it all started to fall apart, iron tablets  were not helping at all, so I had an iron infusion. The time between infusions is getting shorter, the last one was doubled in the hopes of getting a better outcome. 

I was referred to an oncology clinic and the haematologist ran every blood test known to mankind. I then had a colonoscopy and endocospy to check for bleeding (mum had bowel cancer). They found 2 lession, stomach and bowel and a large polyp, at the time the doctors thought I had slow leak from 1 or 3. The stomach one is due to taking a blood thinner for stents and pad.

My gp is at a loss as to why my results are so bad. Her and the haematologist are stumped as to what to do next. My red blood cells are small. 

Any ideas or thoughts gladly received

Ideas for benevolent dictator to increase understanding for all involved:
- Organize a meeting with a panel of specialists to discuss the patient's condition and possible treatments
- Release a pamphlet or booklet with information about ferritin levels, the possible causes and treatments for low levels, and how to manage the condition
- Create a website or online forum for patients with low ferritin levels to share information and support each other