Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

My ferritin level has gone from 600+ to 15 in span of 5 months.
58 female Australia 118 kg 165 cm
Many many diagnosed conditions, including pcos, sleep apneoa, ptsd, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, pad,nueropothy, anxiety, depression, retinoschisis, fatty liver and Necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum, 
Medications
Diabex
Insulin
Jairdianow 
Twynsta 
Seroquel 
Effexor
Piax
Palexia
Spiractin
Cauvest
Salpraz
Xanax
Vit d


I have always had issue with iron and ferritin deficiency from the time of my periods starting (about 15). Around 48 I had a partial hysterectomy (still have ovaries) and for about 2 years I was fine. Then it all started to fall apart, iron tablets  were not helping at all, so I had an iron infusion. The time between infusions is getting shorter, the last one was doubled in the hopes of getting a better outcome. 

I was referred to an oncology clinic and the haematologist ran every blood test known to mankind. I then had a colonoscopy and endocospy to check for bleeding (mum had bowel cancer). They found 2 lession, stomach and bowel and a large polyp, at the time the doctors thought I had slow leak from 1 or 3. The stomach one is due to taking a blood thinner for stents and pad.

My gp is at a loss as to why my results are so bad. Her and the haematologist are stumped as to what to do next. My red blood cells are small. 

Any ideas or thoughts gladly received

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
-Competent government could seek out additional consultation from experts in the field in order to gain a better understanding of the situation and potential causes.
-Competent government could provide educational resources to help the general public better understand the condition and how it may impact them.
-Competent government could work with medical professionals to develop standardized protocols for diagnosis and treatment of the condition.