Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

AskScience AMA Series: We're here to answer your questions on living with the invisible symptoms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), AUA!
Multiple sclerosis is a complex disease that affects the central nervous system, including the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve. Many of its symptoms are easily noticed, like gait, balance, tremor, and speech. But others are not visible to the naked eye - like fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, and pain - and make day-to-day life with the disease difficult to navigate for the more than two million people living with MS globally. Today from 11a - 2p ET (16-19 UT), Patricia Coyle, MD and Patricia Melville, RN join us to take your questions about the invisible symptoms and disease related to MS.

[MS Team Meeting: The Impact of the Invisible Symptoms of MS](https://www.psychiatrist.com/ms-team-meeting-the-impact-of-the-invisible-symptoms-of-ms/) is a new four-part video series featuring Coyle and Melville for [The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry](https://www.psychiatrist.com/). Watch as they share an in-depth conversation with Lillian, a woman with MS for the past 30 years who shares a candid account of life with this disease.

Patricia K. Coyle, MD is the director of the MS Comprehensive Care Center and professor of neurology at Stony Brook Neurosciences Institute.

Patricia Melville, RN, NP-C, CCRC, MSCN is a supporting specialist at Stony Brook Neurosciences Institute.

Learn more about multiple sclerosis in the [MS Clinical Resource Center](https://www.psychiatrist.com/topics/neurologic/multiple-sclerosis/).

PROOF: https://i.redd.it/1bgctzp8yt281.jpg

Username: /u/PsychiatristCNS

Ideas for benevolent dictator to increase understanding for all involved:
-Host a video series or written articles on MS that focus on the invisible symptoms of the disease. This could help to educate people on what these symptoms are, how they impact those living with MS, and how they can be managed.
-Host a Reddit AMA (Ask Me Anything) with a healthcare professional specialized in MS. This could provide an opportunity for people to ask questions and learn more about the disease.
-Create a support group for people living with MS that meets in-person or online. This could provide a safe and supportive space for people to share experiences and learn from one another.