Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

AskScience AMA Series: We're here to answer your questions on living with the invisible symptoms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), AUA!
Multiple sclerosis is a complex disease that affects the central nervous system, including the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve. Many of its symptoms are easily noticed, like gait, balance, tremor, and speech. But others are not visible to the naked eye - like fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, and pain - and make day-to-day life with the disease difficult to navigate for the more than two million people living with MS globally. Today from 11a - 2p ET (16-19 UT), Patricia Coyle, MD and Patricia Melville, RN join us to take your questions about the invisible symptoms and disease related to MS.

[MS Team Meeting: The Impact of the Invisible Symptoms of MS](https://www.psychiatrist.com/ms-team-meeting-the-impact-of-the-invisible-symptoms-of-ms/) is a new four-part video series featuring Coyle and Melville for [The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry](https://www.psychiatrist.com/). Watch as they share an in-depth conversation with Lillian, a woman with MS for the past 30 years who shares a candid account of life with this disease.

Patricia K. Coyle, MD is the director of the MS Comprehensive Care Center and professor of neurology at Stony Brook Neurosciences Institute.

Patricia Melville, RN, NP-C, CCRC, MSCN is a supporting specialist at Stony Brook Neurosciences Institute.

Learn more about multiple sclerosis in the [MS Clinical Resource Center](https://www.psychiatrist.com/topics/neurologic/multiple-sclerosis/).

PROOF: https://i.redd.it/1bgctzp8yt281.jpg

Username: /u/PsychiatristCNS

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
-Hold a town hall meeting to discuss MS and its various symptoms, both visible and invisible. This could help to educate both the general public and those impacted by MS directly.
-Create a series of videos or articles that discuss MS in detail, focusing on both the visible and invisible symptoms. This could help to provide information for both those with MS and those who want to learn more about it.
-Make sure to provide up-to-date and accurate information about MS on government websites and social media platforms. This could help to provide a one-stop-shop for information and support for those impacted by the disease.