Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

I Am Beyond Lost Right Now... 35M, UK Media Professional
Hey everyone! I feel like I have been at a crossroad for about 5 years now which is kind of paralyzing me and everything is building up... breaking point is nearing. I need help.

I used to do manual work from 15 to 21 but used media production as a way out of a job that I hated as I was essentially unemployable with no real qualifications at that point.

I have been a videographer and digital media professional for about 12 years now, but for the last 5 years I have wanted to get out because I get absolutely no joy from this at all. The problem is I am good at what I do but I really have no passion for it - it really brings me down.

To make it worse, the whole area of the industry I work in has been really devalued since I started and the next generation is super talented and more relevant. If I could still make £1500 per day I would suck it up but it's not like that anymore.

3 years ago I had a fledgling digital marketing business that was due to allow me to step back from everything but my mother fell terminally ill, and then passed away. I feel like there is too much attached to the business and that time in my life to ever go back to it.

Additionally, I am currently undergoing an ADHD and dyslexia diagnosis because my attention doesn't match up to my abilities and is holding me back. Being employed in admin heavy roles just doesn't work... I wish it did but it is impossible (hard to explain).

As well as this my partner and I are looking to buy our first house in the next year before we get proceed out the market so I can't mess about any more.

There is a serious amount of pressure from all angles and I don't know where to start with changing my career.

I believe that using the skills that I currently have all I need is a new skill or service to offer and I will be able to book in work pretty easily. I have done it for myself in my video business and other small businesses too.

I have been thinking about possible careers that fit into my skills and who I am as a person and these have come to mind:  
\- Masseuse or Sports Therapist  
\- Jewellery maker  
\- Undertaker

I know they seem random but they all make sense to me...

Any input or advice would be so so appreciated.

My brain is full.

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to increase understanding for all involved:
- "It sounds like you are going through a lot right now. I am here for you if you need to talk."
- "It sounds like you are feeling a lot of pressure from a lot of different angles. That can be really hard to manage. I am here for you if you need to talk."
- "It sounds like you are feeling a lot of angst and frustration around your career. That can be really tough. I want to support you in whatever you decide to do."
- "It sounds like you are feeling a lot of pressure to make a decision about your career. That can be really daunting. I want to support you in whatever you decide to do."
- "It sounds like you are feeling a lot of stress around your diagnosis. That can be really hard. I want to support you in whatever you decide to do."
- "It sounds like you are feeling a lot of pressure to buy a house. That can be really stressful. I want to support you in whatever you decide to do."