Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

Is it really bad to give my notice before the new contract arrives?
Hi! 
I want to leave my current company and I have accepted a job offer yesterday, starting on the 3rd of January.
I am currently filling all of the Hr stuff (national insurance number, bank stuff etc) but it says that I will receive my contract few days before starting. They are already talking about my onboarding (flying me to Paris for that), asking my keyboard preferences for my new laptop, etc. 

However I need to give my notice this week if I want to be free on January. 

So I am a bit stressed out about the idea of leaving my current place without having a new contract… does a job offer protects me a minimum? I feel like I don’t have a choice but I am scared… any advice? :/

I had 5 interviews, meeting 8 different people and I did a case study that they really enjoyed. 
I feel like they have already invested a lot in me and I don’t see why they would do me dirty but at the same time… you never know.
I also need to leave my current position asap as they are trying to put me on training with a clawback agreement that would be very expensive for me to leave after that. 
On top of that I have a performance review that is going to be very painful tomorrow morning if I don’t start the chat by ´I would like to quit’.


Edit: my current contract requires 1 month notice

Ideas for benevolent dictator to increase understanding for all involved:
- Have a meeting with the new hire to discuss the situation and explain the company's policies and procedures. This could help ease the new hire's mind and help them understand the situation.
- Send a letter or email to the current employer to explain the situation and to ask for their approval to leave the job early. This could help to smooth things over and could prevent any legal issues from arising.
- Contact a lawyer to help draft a letter to the current employer and to help with any legal matters that may arise. This would be a more expensive option, but could help to protect the new hire's interests.