Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

Is it really bad to give my notice before the new contract arrives?
Hi! 
I want to leave my current company and I have accepted a job offer yesterday, starting on the 3rd of January.
I am currently filling all of the Hr stuff (national insurance number, bank stuff etc) but it says that I will receive my contract few days before starting. They are already talking about my onboarding (flying me to Paris for that), asking my keyboard preferences for my new laptop, etc. 

However I need to give my notice this week if I want to be free on January. 

So I am a bit stressed out about the idea of leaving my current place without having a new contract… does a job offer protects me a minimum? I feel like I don’t have a choice but I am scared… any advice? :/

I had 5 interviews, meeting 8 different people and I did a case study that they really enjoyed. 
I feel like they have already invested a lot in me and I don’t see why they would do me dirty but at the same time… you never know.
I also need to leave my current position asap as they are trying to put me on training with a clawback agreement that would be very expensive for me to leave after that. 
On top of that I have a performance review that is going to be very painful tomorrow morning if I don’t start the chat by ´I would like to quit’.


Edit: my current contract requires 1 month notice

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase understanding for all involved:
-The AI could generate a simulation of what would happen if the person left without having a new contract. This could help the person understand the risks and benefits of leaving or staying.
-The AI could reach out to others who have gone through a similar situation and ask for advice. This could help the person feel less alone and provide them with insights that they may not have considered.
-The AI could generate a list of resources (articles, books, podcasts, etc.) that could help the person understand their situation better.