Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

I Am Beyond Lost Right Now... 35M, UK Media Professional
Hey everyone! I feel like I have been at a crossroad for about 5 years now which is kind of paralyzing me and everything is building up... breaking point is nearing. I need help.

I used to do manual work from 15 to 21 but used media production as a way out of a job that I hated as I was essentially unemployable with no real qualifications at that point.

I have been a videographer and digital media professional for about 12 years now, but for the last 5 years I have wanted to get out because I get absolutely no joy from this at all. The problem is I am good at what I do but I really have no passion for it - it really brings me down.

To make it worse, the whole area of the industry I work in has been really devalued since I started and the next generation is super talented and more relevant. If I could still make £1500 per day I would suck it up but it's not like that anymore.

3 years ago I had a fledgling digital marketing business that was due to allow me to step back from everything but my mother fell terminally ill, and then passed away. I feel like there is too much attached to the business and that time in my life to ever go back to it.

Additionally, I am currently undergoing an ADHD and dyslexia diagnosis because my attention doesn't match up to my abilities and is holding me back. Being employed in admin heavy roles just doesn't work... I wish it did but it is impossible (hard to explain).

As well as this my partner and I are looking to buy our first house in the next year before we get proceed out the market so I can't mess about any more.

There is a serious amount of pressure from all angles and I don't know where to start with changing my career.

I believe that using the skills that I currently have all I need is a new skill or service to offer and I will be able to book in work pretty easily. I have done it for myself in my video business and other small businesses too.

I have been thinking about possible careers that fit into my skills and who I am as a person and these have come to mind:  
\- Masseuse or Sports Therapist  
\- Jewellery maker  
\- Undertaker

I know they seem random but they all make sense to me...

Any input or advice would be so so appreciated.

My brain is full.

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
-Hold workshops and information sessions to help those impacted better understand their range of options and how to navigate them.
-Provide one-on-one counselling or mentorship to help the individual work through their feelings and develop a plan.
-Partner with local businesses and educational institutions to create apprenticeship or training programs in fields more relevant to the individual's interests and skills.