Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

My CPTSD causes me to have nightmares about being tortured
I'm writing this as soon as possible I just woke up from one of the most extreme nightmares I've ever had. *None of these events were "real" but I FELT every single second as if it were*

I post this to prove how debilitating and scary CPTSD symptoms like nightmares can be for me. 

Trigger warning animal death and general torture

I was in my townhouse in the finished basement and there was a guy, Mid 20s. He resembled some asshole named Eddie I used to be acquaintances with. Throughout the nightmare ( what seemed like hours) he beat, kicked, punch, cut me, threw my cat against the wall and killed him, restrained me, bit me.... the only weapon I had was a 5 ft long bully stick( like the treats for dogs) and he kept just knocking it away like it was nothing. I had my phone with me and it wouldn't work right, I kept trying to take video and call 911 but Everytime I tried to get away it was like he had super strength and I could not defend myself or fight back. Every kick missed him, every swing of the weapon missed him. The police finally answered the call, he was still torturing me but I could finally fight back a little. I keep fighting back for what felt like another hour, eventually he gets the stick from me and is beating me heavily with it, I somehow grab the stick before the police swarm my basement, the nightmare changes, I'm not fighting the person anymore, I'm now beating my own dog with the stick 😭😭 I collapse to the floor and am covered in bite wounds, blood, bruises , broken bones , half naked and everything hurts.the police guy covers me with something, like a coat And then I woke up.

I take multiple medicines that are supposed to TREAT and PREVENT nightmares. I've had realistic nightmares my entire life and no doctor has ever taken them seriously as traumatic events. To my brain, all of this really happened like it was a memory I relived. I'm crying and I'm scared to go out in the real world. I feel so isolated and alone. I don't know anyone else that has nightmares like this.

Before anyone tries to give advice, I'll let you know I already use medical marijuana/THC to help me sleep, in addition to the pharmaceuticals Prasozin for the nightmares. I don't eat a lot of a sugar and I'm vegan, so no animal based dairy ( both of these foods can make nightmares worse, so I've heard)
I have a dark, cool room, no mirrors in sight, I didn't watch anything triggering before bed. I cuddle with my dog all night, I exercised yesterday. I did all the things someone is supposed to do, and I still have these nightmares. I have to act like nothing happened, because 95% of the people in my life treat dreams and nightmares as jokes. And now the numbness sets it. I just want the nightmares to stop 😭

Update:  Part of my mental illness is doing things that are bad for me, so PLEASE check with your DR first..... 
I decided to stop taking my meds. I have been on them for less than 3 weeks, some of them less than two weeks. Any longer than a month or two and tapering would be necessary. 
 For 2 days now my nightmares have gotten a little worse, more intense, but I wake up with ENERGY, with clarity. I don't feel nearly as bogged down or numb. I'm going to make an appointment with my doctor and let her know that I don't wish to be on medication anymore. I'll try to finish things out the right way. 

I think my brain needs to work out stuff in my dreams, even though it's scary. And like I said, none of the medications were giving me positive results, because I was still having intense Nightmares. 

I appreciate everyone's input, even if I didn't agree with all of it 😉

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
-Work with the individual to understand the underlying causes of the nightmares and explore possible solutions
-Partner with medical professionals to develop a treatment plan that addresses the root causes of the nightmares
-Provide resources and support for the individual to connect with other individuals who have experienced similar nightmares
-Encourage open communication about the nightmares and their impact on daily life