Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

23 Year Old, Sociology and Political Science Grad, Stuck Working Odd Jobs, Feel Like I'm Selling Myself Short
I graduated from college with a degree in Sociology and Political Science in Summer of 2020, moved home and told myself I was going to work a few odd jobs, save up, then move somewhere and get a job with my degree. However for about a year after that I didn't really do anything, I just sat around, really depressed about how life played out, losing friends, freedom etc. It wasn't productive and it was just a bad time in my life.

Then around spring time, I started working at a local market, and doing security for a big arena in my city. Both are fine, I've got about 5,000 in savings, which my goal is 15,000. But honestly I feel like I'm selling myself short with these jobs. My manager is a 16 year old girl who's nice but she always pokes fun at me how she's telling a college graduate what to do and it makes me feel shitty about what I'm doing with my life. It sucks seeing my friends who I graduated with living their independent lives in cities while I'm at home working a job with high schoolers basically. I have no idea where to begin with looking for a grown up job and I don't want to be stuck working these type of jobs for the rest of my life. 

I went into my degree because I have a passion for issues that particularly affect urban communities, housing availability, policing, education (don't want to be a teacher however), the legal system, undocumented groups, refugees etc. I loved what I studied, it taught me issues I was interested in while the PoliSci side gave me insight on policies that affect those issues. I wanted to go to law school when I started my undergrad, but I graduated with a pretty bad GPA and I'm not sure how feasible that is anymore because of it, however it still interests me.

I would love to work in some research capacity that isn't necessarily academia, or something that helps working with people, or maybe even still decide to pursue law. Problem is, I don't have experience in these fields outside of what I studied, and I'm scared I'm going to be stuck working these jobs because I picked a degree that doesn't necessarily translate to a direct career field.

Any input is appreciated.

Ideas for competent government to increase understanding for all involved:
-Host workshops or information sessions on various career paths that correlate with a sociology and political science degree. This could help the graduate gain a better understanding of the various options available to them, and help them to start thinking about what they would like to do in the future.
-Help the graduate to connect with other professionals in the field that may be able to offer advice or guidance. By networking and building relationships with others in the field, the graduate may be able to gain more insight on what career paths may be a good fit for them.
-Engage with the graduate on a one-on-one basis to better understand what their goals and aspirations are. This could enable the government to better understand the graduate's interests and help to place them in a career that lines up with what they want to do.