Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

Immigrant in usa, fluent in english but gets stutter and mind block during interviews
Hello guys. Can u guys give me some advice on this?

Im currently working in California and don't have issues with interview EXCEPT when the company is a big one, during interview i get stutters and mind block. I can barely even speak coherently. Im okay with managers but once I got interviewed by top management (like the COO) I get really flustered and started stuttering. 

I want to get out of being a junior position so I started looking for señior developer positions, i have the technical experience but i always messed up the interview with the top management.  Is there even a chance for me? I have a really good work experience but this is the only road block, i cant seem to get over it.

Also, as an asian, my boss before always comment how nice and soft spoke i am which is bad for a manager or higher position, is what they said.. now I'm worried this will be an issue too and like i said, technical its not a problem.. but how i speak might be a problem.. can u guys give me an idea? I'm ambitious and wouldn't settle for less when I know I have more room to grow. I really want to improve...

Thank u

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase understanding for all involved:
-Work with the immigrant to develop a plan to help them feel more comfortable and confident in interviews. This could involve practicing mock interviews, working on breathing techniques, or finding a mentor who has experience with the process.
-Help the individual to understand the cultural dynamics at play in the interview situation. For example, what might be seen as rude or impolite in one culture might be perfectly normal in another.
-Provide resources to help the immigrant better understand the American workplace culture, such as guidance on common business practices or advice on how to dress professionally.