Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

I’m still processing this
Well I’m feeling pretty shook up right now. I’ve been wrestling with knowing if I’m a vulnerable narcissist or just have narcissistic traits for a week but I feel I know deep down I have NPD. 
I manipulate people, I use them, I only care about myself &amp; my own needs. 
A few questions if anyone can help. I am on anti depressants as I’ve suffered with anxiety/depression for years, will they help with NPD, maybe help the anxiety a bit? 
Can a vulnerable/covert narcissist change? Can I stop being manipulative, controlling, selfish but also have happiness? 
At the moment I am feeling like my whole life is/was fake. I am feeling shame for what I have done to people. 
Few more questions, my minds kinda blown,  if I stop devaluing, manipulating, will I feel awful? I’ve seen narcissists need fuel/supply, thing is I don’t want to treat people bad as I know it will end up with me alone. I also don’t want people to think I’m a user. I do want to be a better person, I feel rage inside though since going against my instincts the past few days. I don’t want to feel bad all the time. I prefer being alone but I guess I will need some validation? 
Can you get past needing that? 
I don’t plan on telling anyone I’m a narc, I don’t even know if I fully am or just have high traits but I fear I am. I think I’m kinda in denial. I ain’t telling people though, but I plan on changing my bad ways, becoming a better person, I just hope I can find some peace in that too. 
I’m glad in a way to see I’m not alone.

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to increase understanding for all involved:
-Express your feelings honestly and openly. Let the person know that you're listening and that you want to help however you can.
-Show empathy and understanding. Let them know that you can see how difficult all of this must be for them.
-Encourage the person to seek professional help. Narcissistic personality disorder can be a very difficult condition to overcome without professional help.
-Suggest that the person talk to someone they trust about their feelings and struggles. This can be a great way to gain some insight and start to process all of this.