Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

I’m still processing this
Well I’m feeling pretty shook up right now. I’ve been wrestling with knowing if I’m a vulnerable narcissist or just have narcissistic traits for a week but I feel I know deep down I have NPD. 
I manipulate people, I use them, I only care about myself &amp; my own needs. 
A few questions if anyone can help. I am on anti depressants as I’ve suffered with anxiety/depression for years, will they help with NPD, maybe help the anxiety a bit? 
Can a vulnerable/covert narcissist change? Can I stop being manipulative, controlling, selfish but also have happiness? 
At the moment I am feeling like my whole life is/was fake. I am feeling shame for what I have done to people. 
Few more questions, my minds kinda blown,  if I stop devaluing, manipulating, will I feel awful? I’ve seen narcissists need fuel/supply, thing is I don’t want to treat people bad as I know it will end up with me alone. I also don’t want people to think I’m a user. I do want to be a better person, I feel rage inside though since going against my instincts the past few days. I don’t want to feel bad all the time. I prefer being alone but I guess I will need some validation? 
Can you get past needing that? 
I don’t plan on telling anyone I’m a narc, I don’t even know if I fully am or just have high traits but I fear I am. I think I’m kinda in denial. I ain’t telling people though, but I plan on changing my bad ways, becoming a better person, I just hope I can find some peace in that too. 
I’m glad in a way to see I’m not alone.

Ideas for benevolent dictator to increase understanding for all involved:
-Give out information about narcissistic personality disorder and what the symptoms are
-Hold therapy sessions or discussion groups to help people understand the disorder and how to cope
-Create an online support group for those affected by the disorder
-Offer resources and advice on how to handle interactions with someone who has narcissistic personality disorder