Assume the role of a benevolent dictator. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent dictator do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

So it turns out NDad hates my husband
I've been with my husband since 2009, married since 2017. We've been NC with my dad since 2013. 

Recently my sibling and their spouse were at NDad and EMum for dinner and a catch up. They'd been trying to rekindle some form of relationship for my mum's sake and it had been going well so far. They mentioned going out for food with myself and husband as part of a larger group for a family birthday, that's when ND dropped this:

"Why don't you take a shovel and deal with [Husband] while you're there?"

They must have looked horrified as he then declared it was just a joke but the damage had been done and they left. He then messaged them to apologise again BUT THEN decided to double down on why my husband isn't a great guy, below are his crimes:

1) Didn't help/offer to pay when ND took us out for dinner - now at the point we went out for dinner with ND it would have been between 2010-2012 when my husband was a poor student and I swear to God it was at most twice.
2) ND helped ME with a flat deposit which I ended up not moving into because I had a nervous breakdown and dropped out of uni. - this has fuck all to do with husband so not sure why it's being held against him.

It's honestly so frustrating because my husband is the sweetest human to exist and if I wasn't determined to not break NC I'd be ready to throw hands to defend him. Sorry this post doesn't really have a point, just needed to rant.

Ideas for benevolent dictator to increase understanding for all involved:
-Hold a family meeting in which everyone can share their thoughts and feelings on the situation.
-Encourage discussion and listening to all viewpoints.
-Express support for all family members, and work to create a more positive atmosphere.
-If needed, provide counselling or mediation services to help family members communicate better.