Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase understanding, either for itself or for the people impacted? Generate some ideas.

How to tell my overprotective and racist parents I have a black boyfriend
So I'm F, 18, and my parents are extremely old fashioned and over protective. I cannot move out or separate myself from them because I dont have the finances to do so. My mom already knows about my boyfriend because she pressured me into telling her, but my dad is not aware. 

Firstly, my dad requires that anyone who wants to date me set up a meeting with him to ask if they can date me. I found this odd (since it's not like I'm getting married) but I'm trying to brush it off as them being protective over me. My boyfriend is okay with talking to my dad, but I'm nervous because I know my dad doesnt want me dating a black person. 

My father has made many racist remarks in the past and I know for a fact he will react negatively. My mother also isn't happy with my choice and views it as an "act of rebellion" against them. I guess what I'm asking is how to approach this situation gracefully or in the best way possible. 

Side note: there is nothing bad about my boyfriend. I met him in college, he's respectful, responsible, and we are of the same religion. The only issue that my parents have is that he is black. My mom claims it's because of his "cultural" differences even though she doesnt know him at all (she just saw that he's black and has dreads so she automatically judged him).

I'm planning on telling my dad tomorrow that I like my current boyfriend, but not that I'm dating him. I havent even been in the relationship for a month and this all seems excessive to me, but I know that if he hears the news from anyone else, I'm screwed. 

Any advice is appreciated, thank you

TLDR;
I'm not sure how to tell my overprotective and racist father that I'm dating a black person. If I dont tell him and he finds out from someone else, I'm screwed.

Edit: I'm from Argentina. Hispanic/white
Live in NY

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase understanding for all involved:
-The AI could create a simulated environment in which it discusses the situation with the parents and the son, to help them better understand one another's perspectives.
-The AI could provide educational resources about racism and the history of interracial relationships in order to help the parents understand why their son is dating the black man.
-The AI could mediate a conversation between the son and parents to help them discuss their fears and concerns, and work towards a resolution.