Assume the role of competent government. Given the following scenario, what could a competent government do to increase prosperity? Generate some ideas.

Every time I start eating healthy my appetite completely goes away
What do I mean by disappearing? Well, Over the last week I’ve been averaging 600 calories a day. 

Huge story but I tend to go back and forth between obese and fit. I’ll get depressed, get fat then I’ll come out of the depression, have an “oh shit” moment and lose the weight/ weightlifting etc. 

Every time I get fat it’s because I snack a lot. Usually shit like fast food, candy, sugary things, etc. my appetite is always there. Makes sense since carbs

But for example, about 2 weeks back I had that oh shit moment and started eating heartier. My meals consist of primarily proteins. Stuff like fish, chicken, ground turkey etc. carbs primarily come from whole wheat stuff like bread. Greek yogurt, dairy products etc. 

Whenever I eat like this my appetite goes away completely. Over the last 2 weeks I’ve been averaging 600-700 calories a day. I’ll be eating, barely got a spoonful and I’m already feeling like I’m going to explode 

Then there’s the getting all hot. You know how a fever feels? It’s your head that feels uncomfortably hot, unbearable etc but when I get like this it feels exactly that that but my body. I’ll start radiating massive amounts of heat. 

Male 22 5’11 207lbs. 2 weeks ago I was 219

Yes I know eating that little isn’t healthy but again, I physically cannot eat anymore unless I go back to snacking. It’s always been a reoccurring issue, when I’m not depressed I struggle a lot to eat enough

Ideas for competent government to increase prosperity:
- Address the root of the problem by working to create programs that provide education about healthy eating habits and how to maintain a healthy diet.
- Create campaigns to encourage people to adopt healthy eating habits, and provide support for those who are struggling to make the change.
- Launch initiatives to make healthy food more affordable and accessible for all.
- Provide education on the importance of a balanced diet and regular exercise, and offer support to help people make these changes in their lives.