Assume the role of a compassionate person. Given the following scenario, what could the compassionate person say or do to increase prosperity? Generate some ideas.

Is the movie "The Power of the Dog" feminist? (SPOILERS)
Some friends and i went to see the movie The Power of the Dog this weekend. Afterwords, we had an argument about whether it should be considered a feminist movie or not. Im going to present the main points of the arguments on each side, you can help decide whether it was or was not feminist (and yes, i know that life is not that reductive dichotomy, but for the purposes of this exercise, we just want to have a yes/no answer).

Is feminist:

&gt;!The movie generally challenges toxic masculinity. We understood the main theme to be that being a toxic stereotype male asshole will get you killed because you're shitty to everyone around you. Since the main character was hiding the secret of his gayness, he hated himself, and as a result he was abusive to himself, and to those that represented femininity in the movie, particularly the only significant female character and the androgynous male character. The argument for it being a feminist movie centered around the idea that attacking and exposing the problems of toxic masculinity is a fundamentally feminist enterprise, and strengthens the feminist worldview by weakening the strength of toxic masculinity. The movie also centers on the harms of toxic masculinity, and how it impacts feminine characters particularly. The mother was essentially driven crazy from the main character's toxic masculinity, which he often directed towards her, and that's why he died. Also, had it not been for the toxic masculinity, she would have had a nice life, she was clearly loving, competent and nurturing, before the toxic masculinity came into her life...!&lt;

Is not feminist:

&gt;!The main female character was mostly a stereotypical weak woman. She wasn't able to handle criticism and basically went crazy from it. She didnt defend herself well (if at all), she didnt confront her tormentor, and didnt really act logically. She primarily relied on men for her livelihood, and to ultimately save her from her suffering by killing her tormentor. She was nearly a typical damsel in distress. The movie even opened with a man saying "When my father passed, I wanted nothing more than my mother's happiness. For what kind of man would I be if I did not help my mother. If I did not save her." Additionally, the the androgynous character was constantly harassed, represented as mostly wear and weird, is never shown to be sympathetic or likeable, and ends up a murderer. Alternately, the most sympathetic character is the male character who is the toxic asshole. That shows the movie was (purposely) about toxic masculinity, and attacking toxic masculinity does not necessary make it feminist, it's just not about feminism at all. Frankly, the only reason women were in the movie were to highlight masculinity. The movie also didnt pass the Bechdel Test, as no women talked to each other about anything other than a man (or if it did pass the test, it just barely passed, i cant remember exactly, two women might have said a sentence or two about cooking together).!&lt;

anyway, those were the basic arguments. I obviously missed some things, but i want to keep it short enough to read. Im pretty sure i hit the main arguments, even if i didnt cover everything.

so reddit, what do you think? even if you didnt see the movie, what do you think about these arguments?

Ideas for things a compassionate person could say or do to increase prosperity:
-Offer support to either side of the argument.
-Encourage open discussion and critical thinking.
-Promote understanding and empathy.