Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase prosperity? Generate some ideas.

What opportunities do you see in YOUR field for a writer to make a successful career?
Hello everyone, thanks for reading! I'm currently working as a freelance content and copywriter, picking up gigs from Upwork. Essentially, I'm trying to plan out long-term career aspirations so I can choose a niche to focus on. In YOUR field, where do you see writers making good money? 

I want to use my talent for writing and editing to transition into a lucrative career. That being said, I understand that every industry has its own ins and outs that present unique jobs. I am not looking for a particular type of writing job, in fact, I want unexpected answers! I'm looking for careers that are more interesting than writing endless blog posts to drive traffic to someone's struggling website. In other words, I don't care if it's marketing-related at all. I might prefer otherwise!

If you want to take it into consideration, here's a quick rundown of my experience:

Content: Newsletters, blog posts, entire website content, landing pages, press releases, social media posts

Industries: Finance (tech, content creators, journalism), nootropic supplements, professional training (job-specific and general leadership), residential and commercial damage restoration, music journalism, jewelry,  and more.

Like I mentioned previously, I am looking for answers tailored to YOUR specific industry, not me or my experience. I'm looking to take my talent in a different direction. 

Thanks!

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase prosperity:
-Work with various career counseling services to provide information on a wide range of lucrative writing careers.
-Develop a program that helps to connect writers with editors, agents, and other publishing professionals.
-Create a scholarship fund for writers seeking to pursue a career in writing.
-Provide online resources and workshops that focus on the business side of writing (marketing, networking, etc.).