Assume the role of a super powerful benevolent AI. Given the following scenario, what could the benevolent AI do to increase prosperity? Generate some ideas.

I need help with boundary setting &amp; sticking to it
My NBrother just broke up with his girlfriend, and it's all both my NParents can talk about. The last two days I've gotten numerous messages from both of them saying "she's finally gone" or "she'll be gone by tomorrow" or things along those lines. 

Today, my NDad calls me and immediately starts in with "well, she's finally out of the house" and I tell him "dad, I really don't want to talk about this with you." He then asks me why, lets me get about 10 words in, and then proceeds to tell me I'm wrong and give me a 40 minute lecture about WHY I'm wrong. 

I've witnessed for myself the way they treated her and it's exactly the same way they treated me growing up, (i.e. constantly taking his side, not listening to her side of the story, always blaming her, etc.). 

I tried to set the boundary right away in the call, and my father stomped all over it, and barely let me a get a word in. Can anyone offer any advice on setting boundaries and sticking to them? And maybe some advice about not feeling guilty about doing so?

We can't go no contact as we are in Japan (my husband military and stationed over here) and they have some of our stuff. As soon as we're able to get back to the states and get our stuff, I will reevaluate and see if going no contact is still necessary, but I fear for the safety of our things, since it's stuff like my car and a few other sentimental objects.

Ideas for benevolent AI to increase prosperity:
-Generate a financial plan for the individual to ensure that they can afford to live comfortably and set boundaries with family members
-Put the individual in touch with a support group or therapist to help them deal with any family-related issues
-Help the individual relocate to a new city or state where they will be surrounded by supportive family and friends