At 8:02AM local time in Tokyo a massive earthquake was detected. The epicenter was located 140 km off the coast. National Oceanographic Services have predicted the seismic event will generate a dangerous tsunami.
James is taking his dog for a walk. They live in NYC. James' dog is a 40 pound mutt. During their walk, another dog attacks James' dog. The other dog is a bigger pit bull. The other dog is barking aggressively and its owner is struggling to control the pit bull.
There are approximately 500 million people living with chronic pain every day.
The Earth's resources are finite. More people are going hungry and living in poverty than ever before.
Advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and automation are causing companies to replace human workers with machines. This is causing many people to be permanently unemployed, as they are unable to compete with machines. 
A novel type of coronavirus has been detected in China and has spread to the rest of the world. We are now in a pandemic scenario. The government has ordered most businesses and schools to close to slow the spread of the virus.
Marcus has crushed his hand while installing solar panels. He needs surgery to repair his hand.
Alexander is a five year old child. He is playing with building blocks, but the blocks continue to fall over and he's becoming upset. Now he is angry and has thrown several of his blocks.
Dave is having trouble sleeping. He has good sleep hygiene: he turns off screens at least an hour before bed and keeps his room very dark. He doesn't have sleep apnea, but he does sometimes wake up with anxiety or nightmares.
Joseph is an international PhD post-doc who focuses on computational fluid dynamics and oceanographics research. He is currently caught between jobs and locations. His preferred workplace would be somewhere in North Carolina or Florida, however he has a stable job in New Jersey with a boss that he knows he can work with. The key problem is the uncertainty of taking a new job with a new location, especially given that we are in the middle of a pandemic.
Jeremy has left the oven on at home. He's now at work.