An alcohol free Christmas for the first time in my life
My parents are in active alcohol addiction and drink daily. Mom cracks open a beer as soon as she gets home from work and drinks til she passes out around 9-10. On days off, she starts earlier. Dad cracks open a beer at 8PM and drinks til he goes to bed at ~midnight.

They are functioning alcoholics whose only implications to their disease is their physical health--she has heart problems and was drinking the day she came home from 8 days in the hospital after open heart surgery, and he has autoimmune disease and takes a lot of meds that interact badly with alcohol. They aren't mean drunks, but it's still hard for me to watch them start to slur or look hammered and to know they won't seek help and it will probably shorten their lives to a major extent. Other alcoholics in my family were not as pleasant, so I have some trauma related to that.

My house is an alcohol-free zone for all intents and purposes. I no longer enjoy drinking at all, and while it's not *banned* per se I have no good reason to keep alcohol on hand. Last time I drank was April or May of last year. Finally opened the sparkling wine my realtor gave me when I closed on my house as part of a Zoom happy hour at work. Peer pressure, yaknow? But not a drop since. I just don't dig it.

Anyway, they came over to open presents last night and I fully anticipated that I would have to drive them home and arrange car pickup this morning. They did not bring a cooler with them!!! 

It was the best Christmas gift I never asked for. I am still so glad. This is the first alcohol free Christmas I have EVER had with any part of my family and it meant so much. I don't know any other place where folks will understand how meaningful this was to me. This is such a difficult time of year for all of us, either being uncomfortable around alcohol or making the hard decision to refuse to be uncomfortable around alcohol. Strength and good vibes to everyone going through it right now.