We had "the talk" on Xmas eve...
After 36 years or so of everyone trying to "ignore" my mother's drinking, it came to a climax Xmas eve.  I went over to my Mom's place and she was sitting on the couch.  My stepdad was putting her coat on and said they were going to the ER.  Mom was saying "her brain isn't working right" and it sounded like she was having another stroke.

No.  Not a stroke.  BAC of .026 at 10am...

While she was in the hospital getting looked at, I went around her house grabbed all the wine boxes from her hiding spots and took a picture to send to my stepdad.  Said "we're talking about this tonight" and I dumped them all out.  You'd think that would have been an emotional moment, but all I felt was anger at my mother.    

The talk itself went ok I guess.  My sister is has been in therapy over all of this so she led.  Myself, being emotionally dead inside, had very little to offer honestly other than my genuine concern of finding her dead some day.  My grandmother died a month ago and Mom found her.  Mom clearly was very traumatized watching my grandma die and it lead to a BIG increase in her drinking.  That all came out finally.  Mom's father (grandpa) is currently alone after 50+ years and is also currently drinking himself to death.  I know that is hard to watch because I'm watching the same fucking thing.  

Everything came up.  The hiding of the beers around the house.  The times she'd drive us across the state to see our father with beers in her purse. How we'd stop every 50 miles or so for a "rest" and she'd pound Miller Lites in the bathroom of gas stations.  The times she never picked us up from school.  All the times she missed our concerts or sports events growing up.   Just a lifetime of bullshit that never has been said finally got said.  

I don't know what is going to happen next.  She has severe social anxiety and will never go to a meeting even though she said she would.  I recommended tele-therapy to talk about her mother's death which she agreed to as well.  I'm pretty sure she was just saying all the things that needed to be said just to get the talk over with.  She quit once a few years ago after her stroke, but she couldn't (wouldn't?) tell us for how long or why she started again.  I really hope she will get help, but after 37 years of lies and excuses...I just don't believe anything from her anymore.   


Side note: I just found this subreddit and went through the characteristics of ACOA folk.  I can basically check every box.  It's reassuring to know other people are dealing with the same bullshit.