My mom’s in failure from her cirrhosis. I think it’s the end.
Update:  I decided to make the 600mi drive to see her.  I’m hoping everything goes okay.  She’s not really with it but it feels important. 

I’m usually here lurking.  My mom has been deteriorating rapidly since 2016.  I knew it was from her alcoholism immediately.  I moved far away partially from the abuse and neglect I experienced.  After I had children, I finally set boundaries with her and worked hard for her to have a relationship with my kids.  

She showed up wasted to see my infant son.  She was escorted from the airport by the police.  I would not let her near him until she sobered up and she crossed her arms like a petulant child and refused to eat or drink then passed out.  I wasn’t about to let my kids be exposed to the shit I was.  I left for the whole day and returned in the evening.  I called her boyfriend to tell him she was here but also told him what happened.  Immediately my sister called me to yell at me for exposing her.  I grew up in an alcoholic household, not just with an alcoholic parent.  I stood my ground with my family and my mom.  She tried to vilify me when I went home but I did it.  “You’re not welcome around my son when you have been drinking.  You’re not welcome in my home when you have been drinking.”  After I said it, I felt like I had made a legal contact or something and didn’t budge.

She never visited long for the alcohol withdrawal but my relationship improved but wasn’t perfect.  My kids LOVE her and it’s always been kind of nice to watch while also a little painful.  We had a routine of me picking her up, asking her to play with the kids outside, searching her bag to remove her booze…and no one acknowledging it.

Five years ago she visited and something was clearly wrong.  I thought she might have had a stroke, but realized it was signs of cirrhosis.  No one else in my family validated this fear.  Finally it couldn’t be ignored in 2018.  She was hospitalized, the truth came out.  It was so weird hearing my siblings say it was years of alcoholism.  It was maddening hearing them speak of it like no one knew.  I’m the youngest.  I was dealing with her alone for years.

She didn’t die but I didn’t expect much more time with her.  She made an incredible transformation for a few months but it didn’t last.  That was the worst part.  I was being teased.

She became softer, sadder, and vulnerable after being exposed.  Never honest, but less aggressive.  I got to know my mom.  I started enjoying talking to her.  

She was never able to quit drinking.  I think she tried.  It was just too late.  She had never felt an honest feeling without drowning it in her adult life.  It was just too painful for her.

I wanted her to get better.  I knew it was hopeless.  But now she is hospitalized.  This might be the end.  And I’m so hurt.  I talked to her over the phone on thanksgiving.  I made her laugh telling her about a pie fiasco.  I called her a few days later to tell her a proud moment of her grandson and she didn’t answer. She returned my call with an almost incoherent voicemail.  It hurt my heart. I mailed her Christmas ornaments my kids made yesterday.  I know she will probably never see them.  

I’m so sad.  All I can think is I should have gone back for thanksgiving.

I’m finally crying writing this.  Thank you for making space to share.