Mom relapsed, &amp; my jadedness is making me feel like addiction for some people is a weakness of spirit, not a disease...
Both my parents are alcoholics. My mom, who's addiction is more subtle (but I currently live with),  pledged to get sober a few months ago. She apologized, talked about how it "felt different this time", cried, dove into the literature, etc. I was happy to have my mom back, angry that it took so long, and skeptical. The biggest red flag was she didn't think it was necessary to join a support group, and "wasn't ready" for therapy. 

Well, she relapsed a few days before Christmas. I came home after she had been with her brother, and she was drunk, reeking of wine. I was so angry, hurt and disappointed. She didn't even acknowledge it, I finally had to wait until after the holidays and then asked "are you drinking again?" and she lied and said "no I'm doing well!" until I called her out on her bullshit. It's a fine line to walk because I don't want to shame her and I know that's the core of addiction. But I'm furious. 

She saw how my father's severe alcohol addiction tore our family apart, hears me in my ACA support group meetings every week,  and I talk openly about the impact of living with my violent alcoholic father as a kid (which she continues to downplay). I can feel myself getting bitter and resentful. Whereas before I used to feel so compassionately towards people with addiction, recognizing it as a disease, I'm worried I'm losing my empathy. I have the same shitty alcoholism-prone genetics on BOTH SIDES, childhood trauma, and have gone through so much in my young life... I, too, have the sometimes strong temptations to numb the pain with drink or drugs. But I CHOOSE not to, because I also know the pain it causes and that it doesn't "work". 

I just want my parents to be the fucking parents for once. Im tired of being the strong one. I'm worried eventually I'm just going to snap, and fall into addiction or self harm or something else destructive. I wish my mom could set a better example, I wish she would think of me and how her actions will impact me before she drinks, I wish she were stronger, I wish she weren't so afraid of her emotions. 

Sigh.