Dads finally in jail
I’m going to ramble and rant and I don’t know why I’m typing this or what I want to say.

This is surreal.

Grew up in a tiny town where everyone knew everyone’s business. It was toxic. Dad was a successful small businessman who had to keep an image about him. So we had to be perfect. Had to be on the A-honor roll, had to be popular, had to have the right haircut. Dang. Typing this out just made me realize how controlling he was/is.

He had an anger problem long before he had a drinking problem. I remember being screamed at because I told him I had a “girlfriend” in the second grade. Yesh…typing this is making me realize what a jerk he was. (Also, I showed him! Can’t have a girlfriend, fine! I’ll date boys lol).

Booze kept getting more and more frequent. It was like pouring gasoline on a volcano.

His cycles of madness kept getting worse. He finally crossed a line that even the police in that small town couldn’t ignore. He is charged with domestic assault in the 5th degree. I’m sure that is nothing compared to what others have experienced. But it is a big deal to me and my family.

This is an inflection point. He can’t sweep this under the rug. Can’t ignore it and pretend it didn’t happen. Can’t gaslight us into thinking it is normal. There is a record of it.

He has his plea hearing in 2 hours. I haven’t spoke. With him and I won’t. I feel guilty because one of my sister who still lives in that town is having to arraign a lawyer for him.

Mom fled to town to stay with my other sister.

I’m numb. I want to hate him. I want to quit “understanding him”. I struggled with alcohol myself (probably didn’t help that he introduced it to me when I was 14 as a way to “man up” his fairy son) but am 3+ years sober. But I k own what rock bottom feels like. I can imagine what he is feeling. I hate seeing people in pain. I’m always trying to fix everything for everyone. Always trying to justify their actions. Always trying to make excuses.

I want to hate him. Part of me does. But right now I’m just indifferent to him. But at the same time, I see myself reaching out to him and trying to get him to rehab.

But, fuuuuuckkk!!! I don’t want to. I don’t want to talk to him. I just want to ignore him. 

I don’t know guys. I’m just numb, but hurting, but angry, but not angry enough.

Sorry. This really isn’t helpful to anyone and I just kinda rambled