My mom is emotionally manipulative and her victim complex is getting on my last nerve
Last week my mom and I got into a fight over something stupid. Because I argued with her (I guess?) she said I was being selfish and how she wishes she still had her mom around and I treat her like crap (my grandma passed in 2018). 

Today, she asked me if I was getting anyone (besides my daughter) anything for Christmas. I said no, we could barely afford the presents we got my daughter. She said she couldn't imagine not getting her parents something, and a $15 gift card isn't even much of an ask. I told her she was making me feel bad and she said oh I apologize I didn't mean to do that, but then wouldn't drop it. I broke down in tears, told my partner what was going on, he realized she had probably been drinking today and called her. In summary he said basically that she wouldn't be allowed around our daughter without him also there, and that she would never be allowed alone with her. He said he knows something was up because I came to him in tears. Was it okay that he called her? Idk, but I was kind of glad someone was standing up to her. (She lives in NY and we live in FL, so she doesn't see us much to begin with and has only seen our 1 year old once so far).

After this she said he was the meanest person she has ever known, he doesn't love me, she cannot believe I let him act that way towards her, and I never hated her until I met him. I think she's just mad he talked to her like she's a child and called her out. 

I went no contact with her before and I'm considering it again. I hate her behavior, I hate how she acts like a child, I hate that I have to be the adult in our relationship, I hate the stress this relationship brings me, and I don't want my daughter to ever feel this way. 

I just needed to vent because we have free therapy through my job, but 2 of the ladies aren't accepting new patients according to the website, the other had a full mailbox so I couldn't even leave a message, and I left a message on the last. I'm just feeling like I need to "air out" all this bull so I don't explode I guess. Thanks for reading.