The Necessary Mindset Change You Need to Improve
I wanted to add something to my advice for recovering that I left out of my initial [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Agoraphobia/comments/r6vndm/my_story_and_how_to_successful_beat_agoraphobia/) on recovering from agoraphobia.

Instead of viewing your agoraphobia as a mysterious illness, understand it for what it really is. Life threw you a curveball (either via your first major panic attack, job loss, an accumulation of stress, childhood trauma resurfacing, a break up, the death of a loved one, or just a sudden change in your life that you weren't quite prepared for) and you need to rehabilitate yourself to deal with it.

A lot of us think, "If i could just go back to the old me." and I understand this feeling, but if the "old you" really worked then you wouldn't be suffering from agoraphobia/nervous illness/mental breakdown.

You must grow into something new. A transformation must take place.

This will seem daunting especially with the depression and lack of mental and physical endurance that accompanies agoraphobia, but I strongly invite you to view this lack of mental and physical endurance as one of the initial problems to be solved, with small amounts of daily practice as a valid answer.

Instead of a death-sentence, you must view agoraphobia as an injury. No different than an athlete who has broken his leg. You have to rehabilitate yourself to return to your sport. You cannot be good at something that you never practice, and practice is what it takes to get better.

Imagine a field-goal kicker who broke his leg. Imagine if he never rehabbed his leg nor practiced kicking a football after his injury. Now imagine the next time he tries to play football, he attempts to kick a game winning field goal in a game. What do you think will happen? How do you think he will feel about his performance and about himself?  Now imagine you have an anxious dog that you keep in a small cardboard box every day for a year. Now imagine you let that dog outside suddenly. Do you expect this dog to be well adjusted and experience no fear? Of course not, so why do we expect our sudden walks around the block and trips to the store to go so smoothly?

Perhaps this disorder is not as mysterious as we have initially believed.