My friend who was one of my safe people and could distract me may be dying and I may need for this thread to exist as a sort of touchstone with y'all.
UPDATE:  Friend passed away 12-19-21 

she gets a miracle (she's had several, but this time looks pretty dire), I can delete this thread. But it's been a roller coaster ride the last 2-3 days. She's been in another town since her reprieve in spring 2019. With agoraphobia I wasn't certain I'd get to visit her but I had hoped to arrange something. Then of course Covid happened. Our mutual friend, who also has anxiety and agoraphobia like me, is the medical power of attorney along with some of the sick friend's family members. It's rather a convoluted situation. 

Anyway, I get anxiety with strong emotions. And grief, including anticipated grief, is about as strong as emotions get. Plus the fact that she has been someone I can call if I'm like in the car and getting freaked, or at home alone and having some monophobia trying to set in. 

Yesterday and today I was uptight and fearing panic, then able to cry which released tension. Yesterday afternoon my friend had been doing better so I was happy and had a peaceful night. Then this morning I heard from the other friend that she'd crashed pretty badly today. That sent me into a tailspin including a time in a restaurant (thankfully brief) when my roommate had gone to the ladies' room and I felt like I was not going to be able to hold myself together. But then later I was more settled, had taken my Xanax, and was able to go visit an elderly friend and her daughter and take the Christmas things I had for them.

I've spent a quiet evening regrouping. No news on the friend who is in ICU since  afternoon. Tomorrow I will be going to Mass in the morning and I want to feel confident I can be at peace there (church is comforting to me IF the stupid panic doesn't interfere, which mostly these days it hasn't). Right now I think I'll be okay, I don't know if I'll hear any news between now and then. I would have a backup plan for going to a later Mass if I wasn't in good shape at the usual time. So hopefully I won't feel "trapped" like it's make it or break it. 

Tl;Dr - grief is a huge trigger but I'm trying to do what I can and hope it's enough, and it'll help just to post this and know you wonderful people have my back. Thanks in advance. 💞