I did it, all by myself! And some tips that may help you!
I was out in the world for 2hrs and 15 min. It's the longest I've been outside in months, and I was walking ALONE when I did it. I was originally only making two stops, and I checked the route on Google maps to see how long it would take me (20mins each way, without accounting for the time in the stores). My husband said he did one stop for me, came home, and dropped those things off (without telling me until afterwards to save me time). This saved me a stop. So I did two more stops after my original one. Three shops in total: Michael's (arts and craft store), a thrift shop, AND the liquor store.

Some tips I found that help immensely -- these might help YOU. I am not a medical individual, so these are just tips from someone who's living the terror of leaving the house. This is the third time I've gone out this month -- but this was a HUGE jump in the right direction. I usually have my husband with me.

1: I wore my headphones with music. I kept it loud enough to drown out my surroundings, and helped me stay focused on lyrics. I suggest that you choose music that doesn't have spots of silence, or that fades out -- you want to cut down the pauses in between songs (you can usually do this in settings on your phone).

2: I wore sunglasses. This idea came from the movie "Big Daddy". It helps me from making eye contact with strangers, and makes me feel somewhat 'invisible', if you will. A big baggy sweater/pullover/hoody can help with you feeling safer as well.

3: Carry something to fidget with. Whether just clicking a pen, or keys you can play with in your pocket. It helps immensely. I forgot this and I have half-moon marks in my palms from clenching my hands so tightly.

4: I walked AGAINST traffic even if I had to cross the road and my shop was on the other side at some point -- walking against traffic helped SO much. No cars startling me from behind, which was a huge problem for me for a long time.

5: I kept my mind focused on my goal. 'I just have to get here'. Then, 'I just have to get here'. And then, 'I just have to get to this road, then I'm two blocks from home'. Then 'I just have to get here, and I'm one block away from home'. Small goals. Just get to point A, then to point B, then to point C.

6: Keep cab/uber money in your account if you NEED to get home, and you can't handle your exposure therapy anymore, it's OKAY. Get that ride home, and get into your favourite pyjamas or clothes. Take off any restrictive clothing, and allow yourself to unwind. You just took on a BIG step, and only YOU know what you can handle.

7: It's okay to get to the sidewalk and realize this is as far as you're going to make it today. Healing isn't linear. Some days will be easier than others, and that's okay.

I have a headache (I grind/clench my teeth under duress), but I'm hydrating with water and keeping the lights low for a little bit so I can calm myself. I've taken off all restrictive clothing (ex: bra, jeans, etc), and have The Simpsons up in the background as they're a calmative for me. Again, please note, these are just random pieces of advice that I've found work for me. This is the first time I've left the house ALONE since last month. (Usually my husband is with me.) Last month I left alone, and made it two blocks to a convenience store. I cried most of the time and even threw up. This time around I came more prepared.

I hope this helps someone out there. I actually feel so powerful (if exhausted) right now. I'm so proud of myself. Tomorrow, I may not be able to do it, but today, I DID IT.  


EDIT: Had to fix a missing word! Thanks for pointing it out, u/now_you_see!