AITA for destroying family Christmas?
I've been with my wife for about five years, married two and we have a one year old son. My mom is the type of person who doesn't like change, doesn't like new people, and keeps to herself. That being said she isn't controlling and doesn't seem to care what her kids do with their lives, but she doesn't like when she feels things are pushed on her. She is also someone who will just keep doing what she does without thinking, so when she continued to buy me lavish gifts, but nothing for my wife or baby, I didn't think it was malicious, but it hurt my wife that even after marriage my mom wasn't buying her gifts.

I sat down with my mom and explained this. My mom was totally shocked and couldn't believe my wife expected a gift. I tried to explain that my wife is part of the family now, but my mom was upset and said she has three kids and shouldn't have to pretend my wife is her kid. She really seemed surprised, so I do think that was genuine, and she kept saying how mortified she would be if her husband expected gifts from her parents and that she wouldn't be with such an "entitled child"

Finally I told my mom to just stop. It is ok if she has a difference of opinion, but she is hurting my wife and it needs to stop. My mom thought about it for a couple of months, talked to my sisters (who said she should just suck it up and buy gits for our partners) and her ultimate decision was that she didn't want to host Christmas anymore. I thought she was bluffing, so I ignored it for months. I realized she was serious and said fine we can do it at my house, but she didn't want to come. I mailed her a small gift as a test, she mailed it back. Finally I was like fuck it and did Christmas with my wife, sisters, and their partners. 

Both of my sisters were miserable the whole time and one cried which I thought was crazy dramatic. My mom was on vacation and had her phone off. The sister who cried finally blew up that my wife and I ruined Christmas and ruined our family and she left early. Her and my other sister called out mom later and finally got her to answer, and begged her to do a "normal" Christmas again, and my mom said she feels like now that we are all getting married and having kids it shouldn't be her "problem" anymore and she will think about it but is leaning towards me. Now my sisters are angry and feel that I ruined family Christmas.