AITA for refusing to babysit for my sister and leaving her without anyone to watch her kids?
Hi!! Long time reader and first time poster. 

I’m 18, female, still in highschool (pertinent to the story), paralyzed (also pertinent). My mom is 45. My sister is 28 and has three boys ages 10, 6, and 3. 

Four years ago I was in a car accident and came out paralyzed from the waist down. It has been hell having to learn a new way of life but I haven’t let that stop me. I am going to be going to a college out of state next year, and graduating in the top ten percent in my school if things continue as they are. 

The one major thing that is a complete bummer out of all of this (other than the obvious) is that my mom thinks that I am now a free babysitter for whenever one of my older brother or sisters needs one. She never consults me on these and expects me to drop plans at the drop of a hat.

This past Monday I told my parents about a Christmas movie extravaganza sleepover my friend has been planning. It’s gonna be three girls and we were planning on making brownies, cookies, watching really cheesy Christmas themed romantic movies. And just girl stuff. It was on Saturday (yesterday) and my parents said they had no problem with it. 

Yesterday arrived and I’m just about to roll out when my mom comes and says my sister is on her way with her three boys. Apparently she asked mom if I could babysit the other day and she said yes. Didn’t even bother telling me about it. 

I said hell no because I already have plans. We fought and mom ended up storming off because this one time I wasn’t backing down. I took the time and left. Turning my phone off when I got into my friends car. 

Today when I got home I got called an immature asshole basically. My sister was left without anyone to watch the kids durring her husbands work Christmas party. I went back on my word (that I didn’t make). Mom told me that I should be grateful she gives me something to look forward to (babysitting) because I have no real social life being paralyzed. 

I just went to my room and cried. But now I’m wondering…am I the asshole like they say I am because I refused to babysit and then left my sister in the lurch?

Edit: removed an unnecessary sentence.

Edit to add an update. So I’m not going into a whole lot of detail on here right now but plans are being put into motion for me to move in with my friend and her family. I made this choice after mom came in and berated me again for standing up for myself. She said that because I said I would originally (few years back I had no life and no confidence so I ageeed to babysitting a few times, then it was like I had no choice) that I asked for this. Then she said I’m to do what she says while living under her roof. Tomorrow she has work and hopefully by tomorrow evening I will not be living under her roof. I’m sure this won’t be the last time I hear from her though. 

For those who have mentioned this and will ask if I don’t answer…yes I have the originals to my important documents, and she does not have access to my money. She has encouraged my siblings though my sister is the only one this rude. My dad well he doesn’t like rocking the boat and to be honest in a way I don’t blame him. She yells at him more than me.

Edit to update. Officially out of the house. I just got done messaging to my mom and siblings that im out of the house and will no longer be available for babysitting. Thank you to everyone who commented and for the awards although I’m still not sure how the whole karma thing works nor do I really care. Those who responded helpfully thank you for helping me mentally work through this. I appreciate it more than words can say.