AITA for breaking my promise to my husband and letting others meet our newborn before him?
I f25 moved away from my town and to my husband's m32 hometown after we got married. The main reason is because he suffers from a medical chronic condition and needs to be near his family.

I was pregnant with our first baby and was nearing my due date when my husband had to travel out of town for work for 2 weeks. Because of this he couldn't be with me in the delivery room which wasn't expected. I wanted to ask mom to come be with me but he assured me that his family are there to help and I shouldn't be worried. He then made me promise that I don't let anyone see our son for the first time in person before him besides his stepmom who was supposed to be there for me and I agreed.

His stepmom was with me when I went into labor but she stayed away since she is the type that doesn't get too involved and keeps her distance. She's also the "I don't do diapers" type meaning she doesn't offer help with the baby and I shouldn't be expecting it. She dropped me and my son off at home and asked that I only call if there's an emergency. I felt helpless I asked my neighbor for few favors but needed real help with the baby so I called my mom (she new I'd just given birth) and asked if she could come help me and she drove 4 hours to come stay with me. She helped out tremendously and I'm so so grateful for that.


My husband stayed away for few more days then came home. Once he saw my mom he got so upset repeatedly saying I broke the promise that I made him by not letting others meet our son before him and I explained that I needed help and he brought up his stepmom but I replied that she dropped me off and left that's it. Besides, he and mom are on good terms I didn't get why he was mad she met her grandbaby which was inevitable. He said it wasn't about mom since it could've been anybody else but it was about me disrespecting his wishes and breaking the promise I made. He reminded me that he's also the parent and he gets a say too. at this point I said he was overreacting but he replied that I forever tainted the memory of his son's birth and broke his trust and proved to him that my word "is worth shit" now. Mom tried to give us space but I said she did nothing wrong she came to help after his stepmom left so I can't be blamed for asking for help. He told me to stop giving him excuses and admit I wronged him with what I did and then started avoiding me and just kept focusing his attention on our son. He keeps acting cold towards me calling me a selfish promise breaker and expecting me to make it up to him.
he wanted an apology but I haven't given him that yet.

AITA?

Eta We did talk to each other on the phone several times and he already knew that his stepmom refused to stay with me and told me to just call if something happens but I didn't tell him about calling me mom knowing how he'd react and decided to wait til he got home so we could talk about it.