AITA for not letting my MIL spend time with my baby unsupervised?
I (31) and my husband, J (34) have a daughter, C (10 months). Since she was born my MIL has been on at me asking me when I’m going to have her ears pierced. C will not be having her ears pierced until she asks for it (so definitely not yet when she can’t even speak). She says it’s hypocritical of me considering all the piercings I have (several piercings on both ears, plus my nose), but my own mother wouldn’t let me even get my earlobes pierced until I was 10. MIL had both SILs pierced when they were tiny, and she keeps going on about how “it’s better because they won’t remember it”. J says he supports whatever decision I make on the matter because I’m the one who would have to clean it (I stay home with C, J works full time).

So a few weeks ago, MIL was looking after C for us because I was going with J to his uncle’s funeral. As I was coming down the stairs I hear MIL talking to C about how “they’re going to go out shopping and get her some pretty earrings”. I went into the room and told her in no uncertain terms that that would not be happening, and if I can’t trust her to respect my decisions about my own daughter I would find someone else to look after her (I managed to get my sister to watch her).

MIL keeps trying to arrange to have her for a few hours, she even tried to offer to have her overnight so J and I can go out. I refused, I told MIL she could come and visit her, but I no longer trusted her not to get her ears pierced behind my back, so she would be seeing her unsupervised. J and my SILs think I’m overreacting, AITA here?

&amp;#x200B;

Edit to answer some FAQ:

J and his sisters are in agreement that it's mine (and J's) decision, but they aren't siding with me on this because they don't believe their mother would go behind our backs like that. 

I haven't/don't plan on getting the police involved at the moment because I feel that would just cause a lot of problems and would cause more of MILs family to turn on me.

Piercings isn't a cultural thing for her, she's white British. I don't know why she's so intent on me doing it just because her own daughters' ears were done so young. She never forced piercings onto J, nor on any of her grandsons (C is her only granddaughter).

This isn't the only thing we disagree about, she's always telling me exactly what I'm doing "wrong"....and not just me, she does it with J and his sisters too.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;