AITA for refusing to apologize to my husband in writing after I cancelled all his family invitations to a Christmas celebration at our house?
Tldr at bottom.

So to give some context, I (f32) have been married to my husband (m39) for 4 years. I work a full time job while he does a 3 times a week night shift. We have a 2 year old and I'm 6 months pregnant.


This whole drama started days ago. My husband has a large family. And on every Christmas they'd gather at his father's house. My father in law passed away a year ago and This year my husband decided as the man of the family to host Christmas at our house. Unbeknowest to me, he sent out invitations for a 5 day Christmas celebration to his entire family which are about 26 members in total.
I found out about by accident and I was too shocked to react. I confronted him on it and he said I shouldn't be surprised and just get used to it because after his father's death he's now the family's "head" and all major family events will be held in our house and in his presence. I freaked out and said no this is wrong and he should've talked to me first before sending out any invitations to his family knowing I have other commitments like work and taking care of the house and our son. He said we'll manage if I took time off work but that means more workload later and it'd take away from my maternity leave. I demanded he cancel the invitations but he refused saying "over my dead body" then walked out. I ended up sending a mass text to everyone who recieved an invitation explaining that we will not be hosting Christmas this year. He found out and went off on me calling my behabior outragously appalling and said that I  broke his word to his family and made him look small and with no authority. I in a very strict tone replied that I didn't sign up to host a celebration and accomadate 26 people while pregnant, taking care of a toddler and working. And I don't care if he became the head of family after his father's death because it means nothing to me. He took offense to that and walked out almost crying.


He later talked about how I disrespected his father and him with what I said and demanded a hand written apology for cancelling the event and for being insensitive towards him and underminning his authority infront of his family but I said no apology from me in any form and the issue is still up especially with my MIL giving me a stern talk about how out of line I was for disrespecting my husband's decisions regarding the holiday celebration with family.

tldr: my husband invited his family without telling me so I cancelled and he wants a formal apology.


ETA to put this out there he planned on sitting and telling stories of his dad while I handle everything and his family believe that as guests it's rude to ask them to help.