AITA for yelling at my boyfriend and telling him he acts like a needy 5 year old
I've been applying for jobs recently. This morning my boyfriend  "Ian" was still sleeping and my phone rang.  It was one of the jobs that I applied for and they asked if I had a minute to talk. I said sure and went in my office and shut  the door,  I had been in my living room anyways but noise carries more from the living room and I was trying to be quiet. 

Well right after I closed my office door Ian got up and I heard him walking around.  Then he opened the door and came in.  He asked "who is that?" "Oh! Is that your mom? Tell her hi". I was still talking to the hr person and he said "Is that Mary? Who is that?" 

I got up and waved my arm (trying to wave him away) while still trying to answer the HR person's questions, and went back in the living room.   He followed me and said "is that Kim? Ask if her and Kyle want to go for lunch with us later".  

So I went in the kitchen instead,  he followed me AGAIN and started unloading the dishwasher.  I started walking back to my office and the HR lady said she wanted me to come in for an interview Thursday at one. So I said "Thursday at one works great". While she was explaining how to get there, get in the building and everything Ian comes running and says "no no no! not Thursday today! I work Thursday ". I thanked her and hung up.

  I was annoyed.  I said "that was about a job that wasn't Kim, you're worse than a nosey 5 year old that needs attention ". 

He said "well you could have just told me who it was". 

I said "yea in the middle of a call I'll  say "hold on my bf wants to know who I'm talking to "". 

He said "well you could have wrote it down or something, I was just curious, I get up and you're already on the phone Sorry. You don't have to be mean about it." He's done this crap before and it's  annoying. 

 So I just stayed in my office and have been checking emails and futzing around.  I'm just irritated because if that Hr person heard him I would have looked unprofessional and he was disrupting my concentration  (I have Adhd) and made it harder for me to focus on what she was saying. Maybe I shouldn't have snapped like that and I overreacted.  

AITA