AITA for outing my ex as gay to get his mother off my back?
It’s a long and sucky story, but my (25F) soon to be ex (28M) is gay and hid that from me.  I found out because I caught him cheating and he as much as admitted that he knew he wasn’t attracted to me that way, but he wanted kids and a “normal” life.  I don’t care that he’s gay, but I will never forgive him for leading me on so he could use me to have kids, so it’s over, end of story.

The problem is that his family are fundamentalist nutjobs except for a few members and his mother is the interfering MIL from hell. Not being related to her anymore is another plus to leaving.  His family doesn’t believe in divorce, so under the guise of picking up some paperwork and other items I had found that were my ex’s, she cornered me about how I’m being childish and marriage is about commitment, forgiveness, and working through problems, etc.  It became apparent that my ex didn’t tell his family that he cheated, he told his mom that I was divorcing him because we weren’t having sex often enough for me.  I tried to be patient and explained that he had cheated and that’s why.  I wasn’t going to go into greater detail because I know how his parents are and it’s none of their business.

MIL’s advice, I kid you not, was that men are just that way and if I wanted to have sex more and for him not to stray that I should make myself more attractive to my husband and be a better wife.  I lost the plot completely.  It had been a sad and hard day already and that was the last straw.  Here’s where I might be the AH: I told her that the only thing that would make me more attractive to my ex would be a sex change operation and that I hoped he and his boyfriend adopted her some grandchildren so she could finally shut the hell up about it.  Not my finest moment, but she just hit the worst and rawest nerve she could have and I exploded.

It’s evidently turned into a huge family drama, he’s probably going to be disowned, and my ex called sobbing that I’ve ruined his life out of spite.  I don’t really know how to feel about it.  I do feel bad for him that his parents are such awful people and there were just no “good” outcomes for him, but I also feel like he made his own bed here, too.

Edit - a couple things from comments.  
1) there is almost no chance of violence, his family are fundies but not violent ones, they’re more of the Mormon shunning type.  One of his cousin came out and left the church and after the initial protests they all just stopped talking to him and basically treated him as if he were dead until he was ready to repent or whatever. They’re passive aggressive, repressed, and weird as all get out, but the chances of anyone physically hurting him are extremely low. He’s not financially dependent on them and has a more than decent job, so he can support himself easily if they kick him out.
2) He’s known he was gay since before he met me, so this wasn’t a new discovery or admission to himself.  He has a boyfriend that he’s been dating since six months before we were married.  I went through his computer after catching them in the act and kicking him out and found messenger logs and other evidence going back to before he started dating me.   He literally set this up so he could have the nice Mormon family on the surface to keep his family happy.  That’s it.  He never loved me at all, I was just the first girl to express a sustained interest.

Update: https://www.reddit.com/user/life_after_love/comments/r89j1l/update_aita_for_outing_my_ex_to_get_his_mother/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf