AITA for telling the kids their dad took this year's Christmas away from them?
Please read before you judge, thank you!


So I'm a working mother of 3 kids (9,11,5). My husband used to have a job but was let go at the end of 2020 and hasn't worked since then. Yes he worked in few places here and there like the gas station but he couldn't keep it because he lacked "motive &amp; passion". 


All in all our financial situation isn't so great BUT I've decided to start saving money to be able to get the decent Christmas celebration the kids wanted and couldn't get in 2019-2020. I've put money aside to buy decoration and prepare meals and also gifts but just a couple days ago found out that my husband had taken $500 out of my account and from the money I saved (the rest of my salary goes to bills and grocery) and gave them to his little brother to help him out in child support. I found out and had a big argument with him about how he essentially stole this year's Christmas from the kids to help his irresponsible brother pay for child support. My husband apologytically said he had no choice and was pushed by family to contribute and pay part of his brother's child support otherwise they won't see their nephews/grandchildren since his brother's baby mama is vicious and spiteful. The kids came in and I just told them that unfortunately I can't afford Christmas this year and it's because of their dad who took it away from them by taking the money I saved. there was utter silence and my husband glanced at me in disbelieve. He told the kids to go to their rooms and screamed asking wtf is wrong with me to spout this kind of bullshit infront of the kids. I said it's the truth and that I sacrificed so much to save money to give the kids some joy this holiday then he selfishly took the money and gave it away. He said he would pay me back in time before Christmas but I don't see this possible since he don't even has gas money. He got pissed and said I shouldn't tell the kids that he took their Christmas money and that the psychological damage I'm doing to the kids is worth a lot more than money and accused me of turning the kids against him and making them resent him for trying to help out a family member and stormed off and spent time with his family who accused me of causing my children mental traumas by saying their dad took Christmas away from them and alienating them from him.

Adding this [Just wanted to say that the kids know that mommy is the money who brings home money and so if Christmas gets canceled and because of money then they'll think it's because of me, I had many many conversations with them about it and last thing I want is to see them disappinted in me for something that is not my fault]. Thank you!.