AITA for going back on my word and wanting to go back to work?
I (25f) had my daughter back in October with my husband(30m). My husband grew up with his mother being a SAHM while his father worked, and wanted that in our relationship. When I got pregnant I was still wfh majority of the time so he reluctantly agreed for me to keep working while pregnant. We decided that I'd stay employed for the 6 weeks paid maternity leave then quit.

&amp;#x200B;

I genuinely thought this was what I wanted but honestly it's been awful. My husband works in Law and has long hours, leaving me alone to handle everything around the house on top of a baby. I felt isolated and overwhelmed and felt like I'd lost my identity. I love being a mum and I love my daughter but after she's done eating, changing a diaper etc all she does is sleep. I know that that's what she's supposed to do at that age but spending hours alone was hard on me.

&amp;#x200B;

When I handed in my two weeks notice my boss didn't want me to leave and offered me an amazing job. I'd work part time only 2 days / 3 days rotating each week. On top of this I'd only have to go in a couple times a month if needed and would still get partial benefits and a decent pay. I was over the moon, I felt like getting back to work would make me feel more myself. My husband was not pleased at all. He argued that:

* I had agreed to SAH before we got married and when I was pregnant.
* I was abandoning our daughter and 'why aren't we enough for you?'
* I'd dump childcare on his mom or my income would only cover childcare and therefore wasn't worth it.

I tried to tell him how I was feeling but he was too upset. He told me that he would've never married me if he knew I didn't want to raise our child and left to his friends place. He came back 2 days later and only talks to me when its baby related. Its been like this for nearly two weeks and I know that I agreed to this years ago but AITA for changing my mind? My MIL and SIL told me raising a family was the most important job I had and that it would ruin our family if I didn't.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: I wouldn't send my baby to childcare right away. I simply brought it up if this was a permanent thing when she got older if that was a concern. Also I'm not going to leave my husband, we have a child together and I love him.