AITA for quitting on the spot as a babysitter right before the parents have a business trip and a child is severely injured?
I worked for a wealthy family. They had two children and they’d pay me 25$/h +gas +food while there. During the summer we did not have set times I’d work. All I had to do was work off 20h per week. Sometimes that was a single day, sometimes it was every day of the week for 3h.

One Friday, the dad told me Monday they would most likely need me at around 1p.m but he was unsure and had to double-check with his wife and would text me. Monday rolls around and I forgot he had told me I needed to receive a text. When they did not call or text I always showed up at 5p.m according to set schedule. At 12:55 the dad calls me asking if I am going to be late.

Me:Oh, but I thought I should come at 5 since I never got a confirmation.

Him:No I need you right now.

Me:I need 25minutes and I’d be there, I am so sorry for the misunderstanding.

Him: This is not a misunderstanding, these are my children.

Me:I’m sorry I must’ve understood wrong what we spoke about on Friday. Do you want me to come now at 1:30?

Him:No(hangs up)

I texted him offering to come at 5p.m and his reply was ‘no, you’d be useless’.

He calls me again at 5:10p.m.

Him:Where are you? Are you actually not gonna show up twice in a day?

Me:Huh, what? But you said you do not need me today?

Him:Show some proactiveness! Try to show us you actually care for our children!

Me:Sir, I cannot randomly show up at your house unless you’ve asked me to. I don’t think I am in the wrong here. That’s unfair.

Him:I’ll tell you what’s unfair the crap service we are receiving from you and the crazy money I am willing to pay you! You shouldn’t be allowed to take care of plants let alone children. Grow up because with this attitude you’d be lucky to graduate college, darling. I can call you out on the ‘bitch’ you are and you should smile and nod.

Me: Okay I quit. Consider this my two week notice. I won’t be dragged down like this for any amount of money.

Next day I am supposed to 2p.m and there is a new replacement I need to train. At 1p.m I get a long letter delivered where I am being fired and my pay for the next two weeks would be 5$ due to child endangerment. I text them, since I am fired I do not need to work off those two weeks and would not be coming in.

I turned off my phone and when I finally picked up the dad exploded and called me an a-hole, telling me that because of me they had to cancel a very important business trip to take care of their children (which both had a severe breakdown when they found out I was leaving and a new girl was coming in. It was worse for the older one (6y) who was severely attached to me. He fell down the stairs in his panic and broke a hand and busted his face open).

This was a few months ago but I am still feel partially guilty. So Reddit AITA for leaving them like that?