AITA for refusing to let my son have two last names?
hey guys! So, a bit of context I (M32) have been with my wife (F30) for 3 years. she comes from a country where women get to keep their maiden name after marriage which was fine with me though as someone who comes from the south my family pushed for my wife to take my last name but she ended up keeping hers which made my family somewhat unhappy saying it was disrespectful of her to keep her maiden name but thankfully they got over it and things got better and we reconciled later.


now this "last name" issue has been brought up again when my wife and I found out we were expecting a baby boy.
I sat with my wife down and told her that my son is going to get my last name and explained so that there's no confusion but she disagreed and said no and came up with a compromise which was that our son gets both our last names but I declined explaining how awkward and confusing and just complicated that would be. not too mention the middle name so that would be a long name but she said I should consider since my last name will still be there but I said no and told her we'll just have to go with what most families here do and is going by the father's last name. she threw a fit calling me selfish and accused me of treating her as if she as a mother gets less or no say but I reminded her that she got to keep her maiden name and so we're even. she then argued that I was mixing two things that are unrelated and was holding the fact she got to keep her maiden over her head though it was her right to do that same with deciding what surname our son will have. I said I was sorry but I can not accept this compromise especially with how my family will react and told her she should just go with the flow and agree on my son having my last name. she got upset and refused to talk to me after that calling me selfish and a dictator and a "minion" for my family even though I'm just looking out for our son's best intetest and keeping them in mind.

I just think she's being deliberately stubborn here. but I'm not sure. Aita?


EDIT Jesus, whoah guys..there is just way too many responses here man and I won't be able to respond to all of them BUT I've got a couple of things to say and I'm adding them here for everyone to see.


ONE - Just to be perfectly clear here I did NOT have an issue with my wife keeping her last name. in fact I encouraged her to stick to it after my family started giving us grief about it.

And TWO - The main reason I was initially against using both names is the fact that our son might end up having a very long name as a full name.that's it. I have nothing against my wife's last name. I respect it I respect her family (they seem sane and levelheaded) and I appreciate them a lot. but as two blended families with two different backgrounds we kinda...we tend to disagree sometimes.