AITA for wishing my husband would get me a Christmas gift?
Adding this after the post: Ok thank you to everyone for the supportive comments and for hitting me with a reality check I'm not ready for.  To be honest I think I have just been in denial that my husband is only with me for money. I guess I should have known because even though he worked full time when we were dating, he never took me on dates and that's fine not to go to restaurants or stuff that costs money but there is free stuff you can do and we only ever sat at home or I would invite him to different places but he never bothered to suggest something like a walk and at the time it didn't seem like a red flag, because to me being together was important, regardless of what we were doing, but looking back it feels a bit weird that he never wanted to suggest something I might enjoy.  Secondly after we got married after a month he actually told me he never loved me and was only looking for a "financial sponsor" but when he told me this I tried to take my own life and after that I could not accept the reality so i pretended he never said that and then he got a part time job but then stopped going and was going half of the time and now after this post (he didn't see the post, unrelated) he told me straight that he will never work again and that if I don't like it he can just move out because he isn't going to be around me for free. I am afraid I will go into that dark mental place again so for now I am just going to suppress and ignore while continuing to be on meds and psychiatric and psychological care but one day I will leave, probably after all the travel rules are over and I can just pack my bag and be gone in the blink of an eye.

I don't know if I am being materialistic, my husband says I am so I want to post here and get some objective judgments.

With Christmas coming up, I did want a gift from my husband, mainly for the symbolism like the thought of getting a Christmas gift, I know he doesn't have much money because he's very reluctant to work and skips going to his part time job most of the time, so I told him it could be something small, like a little stuffed animal or a keychain or even a Christmas card, but today he told me he doesn't have money and won't have any until next year because he spent his last money on a video game he had been wanting.

He says I am materialistic for wanting a gift (even though he asked for several things which I already bought) and that Christmas should be about time with family instead of material things so I do feel guilty and like maybe I am wrong but I'm not sure.

If it matters I pay all the bills and living costs so it's not that I've ever asked for anything (he did get me a card on my birthday when I asked him to) so I don't think I'm that materialistic but I do feel a bit bad so is it unreasonable for me to want a Christmas gift given that it would be really cheap or is it a reasonable desire?