AITA for calling my husband ridiculous and refusing to take the list of expectations he gave me for his ["birthday month"]?
My husband is turning 30 next month. It's a big deal for him clearly and he wanted to rightfully be "pampered" and feel special on this ocassion.

But the thing is that he came up with a list and called it "birthday month expectations" I didn't know what that meant til he started reading the list out loud which consists of things he expects from throughout the entire month.

To give few examples:
A. He is not to be asked to do any type of chores or clean or cook for a month.

B. He gets to play with his xbox for hours on end without me interrupting or nagging him about it.

C. He is not to pay his part of rent this month.


D. He gets to go out with his friends whenever he wants.

C. He gets to skip any given workday and sleep in without being bothered to wake up to drive our son to school or do any emergency fixes.

In other words he wants a month long vacation and time off from his responsibilities as a partner and as a father. I said are you being serious right now and he made a face and said " oh no worries this will only last for a month ["my birthday month"]. I called him ridiculous and said absolutely not I do not agree on anyhing on that list and said that his expectations for his birthday month was out of line. Now I have to mention that we both work but I do the majority of household chores and the majority of our son's care as well as the majority of rent, bills and internet payments and I can not afford to do what he's expecting me to do because we're struggling already and I need his help especially now. Not for him to make demands. He pitched a fit giving me grieve about how I'm being selfish towards his wants and that in my place he would've agreed to do all he could to make my ...["Birthday Month"] the happiest month of the year for me. I argued that birthday month is unheard of and just flatout ridiculous but he said that I don't understand because his parents did this for him for years and so did his friends [he never told me] so as his wife I should be happy to do it as well but I declined and refused to take it and keep arguing about it but he hasn't stopped talking about how disappointed he was that I treat his birthday like that and has been avoiding being near me making me feel like maybe I went too far here. AITA?