AITA for getting mad at my wife whenever she talks descendingly about my our son’s work?
(i never used this platform so sorry if I get anything wrong, also while my English is pretty good, it's not my first language)

(edit - I have been informed that the word I mean was condescendingly, not descendingly, thank you)

So basically my son is a professional aerial performer and is currently performing in this large and popular horror themed circus where we live. I know I may be biased but in my opinion, he's really good and it's just amazing to watch him perform, maybe a little scary sometimes and I sometimes worry about him with some of the tricks and acts he does.

My wife however will just tell people he works in the circus. Never mentioning that he's an aerial performer, that he actually works independently and is basically a contractor (i don't know if there are any proper terms, but this is the best way I can describe it), that he works with a very large and popular circus. Just that he works in the circus.

Whenever we are out and she sees a clown she will point at it and say “look, it's \[son’s name\]”. And it is very clear she looks down on him for what he does, she assumes he makes next to nothing and is "poor". I know he’s. He doesn't make a crazy amount, but he makes enough to support himself well.

This all came to a head when we were with some of her friends and one of them ask if our son could entertain her kids at a birthday party, promising to pay him “generously” since “he must be struggling”. My wife laughed and responded with “ill see if he's free”. I butted in saying “he probably won't be able to since the birthday falls on a day when \[popular circus\], which is where he works as a headline aerial act in is fully booked because it's so close to the New Year.”

Almost everyone there was shocked since all this info was new to them, my wife looked pissed and left. She sat in the car and texted me that she wants to leave. I stayed for about 20 mins answering questions and showing them some videos. The woman who asked apologised, saying she was given the impression by my wife that our son was a struggling and failing cheap circus performer and wanted to help him.

When I finally left and got in the car my wife yelled at me, saying that I made her look like an idiot and horrible mother in front of her friends. When we got home she stormed out the car and locked herself in our bedroom crying loudly she's been like this for almost an hour now and I’m starting to feel awful and like an AH. I could have just left it alone, so AITA?