AITA for agreeing to have my family visit for a week after my wife gives birth?
throwaway for privacy.



My wife (23) and I (27) are expexting. She's due this month and things have been bit intense recently with her being extra hormonal.


We live in different state then my family. My wife and I couldn't visit for Christmas. my parents were calling to continue complaining about us not spending Christmas with them and demanded I make it up for them. I said I was open for any suggestions they had and they suggested they come stay with us for a week once the baby is born. That way they could spend time with us and the baby as well. I thought why not that seemed to be a pretty good suggestion since it's been months since we've seen each others so I told them to go ahead and made the invitation Official. This morning my wife was talking about her plans once the baby is here and that's when I remembered my conversation with my parents. I immediately told her that I agreed to let them over for a week once the baby is born to make up for the holiday we missed with them. She first looked shocked then freaked out at me saying I shouldn't have invited them just like that without talking to her first. I asked why not since she loves them and loves being around them but she explained that my family can be a lot of work and having them as guests while caretaking for a newborn is the last thing she wanted. I told her it was no big deal besides that we could use help if she thought about this way but she lashed out on me about how the first few days of the baby's life is essential time for bonding and being intimate and I just took that away from her by inviting my parents and invading her space. I argued that she was being melodramatic right then because my family are decent people and I'm pretty sure they'll make this experience a lot more warmer but she still disagreed and said if my family were decent then they wouldn't have accepted my invitation but I clarified to her that I did NOT invitem and this was in fact a suggested made by them and I just agreed AFTER they complained about me missing spending the holidays with them. She went off on me demanding I call them and cancel everything I planned with them but I thought that was unacceptable since she gave not a good-enough reason for me to do that and besides my parents can help but she still denied that being true.

She's gone radio silence for the rest of the day and is acting like my family are somehow making her uncomfortable though they're not the judgemental or intrusive type and are just about spending time with each others. AITA?


Hold on! #Edit few things so there's no misunderstanding here. Alright?

First of all my wife doesn't normally have an issue with my family being around, they all get along pretty good. and second of all which is an important info my wife and I talked about having her directly speak to them about why she would rather postpone their visit so we could clear the air but she refused and said she doesn't want to ruin her relationship with them and asked me to do it (tell them not to come) but since my family are upset with me then me telling them not to come might be taken in an offensive way, you know what I'm saying? so it really feels like I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.

also, to all the people saying that my wife shouldn't be hosting guests. I don't recall mentioning this nor expecting her to do anything for the family. matter of fact I really thought we could maybe use their help especially my mom.