AITA? For suggesting that my wife switch to Formula so I could have more time with our son?
Hey y'all. Read carefully before giving judgement!.

So my wife (f24) and I (m27) had our son 3 months ago. Luckily as new parents we've had less issues compared to others in our family BUT what really created an issue was the fact that my wife gets wAyyyy more bonding time with my son than I do. She breastfeeds and doesn't let me come anywhere near her while she's doing it claiming she was already in pain and I was making her stressed out with my behavior. She'd promise to let me have my bonding time once she's done but she takes a long time feeding and then the baby goes to sleep so I get pretty much,...almost, NO time to bond with him.


It all came to head for me last night after my wife told me to leave the room while she was feeding our son cause I was '''bothering,,, her and making her feel '''stressed out,,, with my ''"judgemental,,, comments but I was just making sure she was feeding our son properly since she's dealing with stress and possible ppd and so I had to **(not under doctor's recommendation though but following my mom's advice)** be present in every feeding session to make sure nothing goes wrong and...like I said before maybe get a chance to bond with my son but it didn't end well and I refused to leave the room. She tried to unload on me about how unsupportive and difficult I was being but I told her she was wrong to exclude me and take away my attempt at bonding with my son and that it's only fair that I get to have equal time she has with him and suggested that she switch to formula so she has no way of keeping me excluded and again so I could get 50% of the time she has with him. She called me unreasonable and explained that even though I'm the parent too she as a mother is essentially what our son needs and relies on so her role is more important and she gets more time than I do simply because she's the mother. .....then she explained that my request was ridiculous because she is blessed to have almost no issues with bf and switching to formula was absolutely uncalled for and can not be afforded right now but I disagreed and argued that she left me no choice and that she needs to respect whatever decision I make regarding our son even if she doesn't like it and doesn't necessary agree with it but she argued back saying I'm delusional to think she'll just switch to formula to fix my hurt '''feefees,,, and even accused me of making this request so mom could meddle in and start feeding our son formula and have sleepovers since she was against her breastfeeding from the start due to how weak she was before. This really had me...kind of...lose my cool ngl. I told her that couldn't be further from the truth. Matter fact, I strongly believe her refusal to consider switching to formula is mainly to spite mom not because she thinks my request was '''unreasonable,,,

Long story short, we kept going back and forth on this argument and she told me to drop it but I refused because in my opinion she's being selfish by how she's treating me as the other parent.