AITA for expecting my brother to uninvite my soon to be ex husband and my friends from his wedding?
My (34f) brother (31m) is getting married in a month. My brother is not friends with my friends but he knows them by association and gets along with them and he's invited them to his wedding. My soon to be ex is also invited. He was invited anyway before I found out certain stuff.

My husband and I have known each other since high-school and we shared the same friend group. His friends are my friends and vice versa.

Recently I found out my husband has been cheating on me for 4 months with another woman and all of our friends have been covering for him. They all knew and enabled him. I immediately filled for divorce.

I came clean to my family about it few days after I found out. They were all shocked and angry. My dad was more focused on my husband cheating but my mom was more focused on our friends covering for him. My brother was also upset because he was close to my husband. My husband has left home and he's living with his sister for now.

Yesterday the topic of my brother's wedding came up and he was talking about the seating arrangements with me and my parents. He asked me if I would be comfortable to be seated next to my husband and our friends. I looked at him in disbelief and told him he shouldn't even be asking that question. I'm also upset that he's inviting them after all, especially my friends since they're not his friends at all and he just knows them by association. He said it would be mean if he uninvited all of them just one month before the wedding and said that he understands why I'd feel uncomfortable but he doesn't want to be mean. I reminded him how my husband cheated on me and I got lied on by all my friends who were enabling him. He says he's aware but I should not insist on him uninviting them because it's his wedding and he makes the rules.

I dropped it and didn't continue the conversation but AITA for expecting my cheating husband and the friends who covered from him to get uninvited from my brother's wedding? I want to highlight that the whole cheating issue is fresh, its barely been a month since I found out.