How do I get over the fact that I will probably struggle to make ends meet for the rest of my life
So two years ago I was medically separated from the military in bootcamp, before that I would say I probably had more issues with anxiety than most but it was manageable and I was able to just shoulder through it for the most part, even though both my previous jobs were basically just talking to people and taking care of kids. 

I’ll give some context to when I was medically separated. In bootcamp I had a rough first few weeks, which is pretty common, but after about a month or so I had started to feel comfortable and was even starting to enjoy it. Fast forward about another month and I was sent to medical because I was limping everywhere. I had extreme pain in my legs at all times because we were on them such a long time doing so much, but doctors took CAT scans and x-rays and couldn’t figure out what was wrong so they sent me home.

When I got home, I went through a rough period, my addictive part of my personality took the depressive episode and I decided to just drink my way through a 3 month period. Eventually my mom kicked me out because she didn’t like how much I was drinking and I moved in with a friend’s family. I tried to get a job while staying there but after about two weeks of working at the restaurant, my anxiety got to a point where I would wake up in the morning and just not be able to move. It happened three days in a row where it felt like a night terror, like I could see what was happening around me but no matter how much I tried, I just couldn’t move an inch. I stopped working and stayed at my friend’s place for about 3 months until covid started becoming a big deal and then I moved in with my dad and stepmom in another city.

While staying with my dad and stepmom, I was genuinely searching for another job but feeling anxious and hoping I wouldn’t get it. I stopped drinking for about 6 months and although I probably should’ve just stayed completely sober, I started drinking 2 times a month. It stayed like that for a long time until a year had passed and finally a grocery store had hired me. This job wasn’t that hard, I didn’t really have to talk to customers that much, but after a week I woke up one morning and it was happening again. This time though my dad got me out of bed and drove me there (I don’t have a car), but when he dropped me off, he drove away and I just couldn’t step foot inside. I can’t really explain the feeling but it was a mix between anger, anxiety, and this sort of self-hatred. I just sat on the bench outside and eventually walked back towards my dad’s house. I just walked around for a bit trying to collect myself until I went home a few hours later. My dad and stepmom tried to talk to me, saying that they understand but this is just something that I will need to learn how to deal with, which (while true) didn’t really help much. Over the past year I pretty much had nothing to do besides self-reflect and it was probably the most mentally healthy I’ve been ever when it comes to just being “content” with myself, but the anxiety was still new, I had never had to deal with such an extreme form of it for the first 20 years of my life. I talked to a therapist and he helped with some of my other issues, but we never really discussed my anxiety after I brought it up in the first appointment.

Fast Forward a few months, I’m visiting my mom and while I’m in town I go to see my friend. My friend’s roommate and I got along really well and I told him I’d been looking for a job. He calls me the next day and tells me him and his boss are looking to hire another person because their two person company had started to get really busy and they needed a new person asap. The job is a lower middle income salary, and I’m not going to say exactly what it is, but I will be driving around fixing problems in people’s houses. This is where I’m at now, I just finished my first day and while I was completely fine while I was working, I took one step in my house after I got off and it hit me like a train. I immediately had to sit in a dark room and just try to clear my thoughts because any sound or light was overwhelming me to the point I felt I was going to have a full blown panic attack.

Now I can’t stop thinking about how as I’ve gotten older, the more I’ve realized that I wouldn’t even be able to live on my own with this salary and some of the job can be a bit dangerous. I can’t get the idea that I’m just going to be struggling the rest of my life to make ends meet out of my head. I’ve seen my mom live in debt pretty much since I’ve been born and it has turned her into a very angry and depressed person from all the stress, who takes a variety of medication that doesn’t even help completely. I’m terrified of the future if I make this job my future but if I don’t take it, I’m a person in my early 20’s who dropped out of college after one semester to then get dropped out of the military, and then went on to basically have no job experience because of extreme anxiety. If I don’t take this job, it’ll make my life a million times harder.

I guess my question is, is this a normal thing people with anxiety go through and how do you keep going knowing you’re probably not going to be able to ever own a house without putting yourself in to debt, which means you’ll be paying a ridiculous amount to just survive until you eventually die?

If you’ve made it this far 1. Wow you must be bored 2. Thank you, I wrote this mostly to try to calm down, and 3. I don’t expect any of you to have some magical solution, I’ll have to keep talking to my therapist and find a solution myself, but I would like to hear your input.

That was a lot more than I thought it would be, hope you enjoyed my novel.