anyone else feel like it would be easier to just stay home forever?
i thought it was supposed to get easier the more you get used to something and dont back out. here i am, a junior in highschool, been in public school since freshman year, and every single day is nearly as terrifying as the first. i feel like im going to throw up or pass out every day until i get back home. occasionally ill be able to have a day without nausea, then other times, ill have panic attacks in class and have to go home. when that happens, it feels impossible to go back and takes weeks if not months to feel the "normal" level of anxiety im used to feeling at school.

its not just school. 3 years ago i couldnt even walk outside in the backyard because i thought i would pass out. then i would start dissociating and when that happens it makes you feel very inhuman. although sometimes now i try to dissociate on purpose just to get away from the near constant feeling of anxiety.

before that, at age 9 to 14 i constantly thought about what diseases or tumors i could have. it didnt help that at age 10, i had a huge tumor get discovered and proceeded to have the worst week of my life. i had 2 surgeries and was treated badly by the staff the whole week. i had to go back every year for several years for MRIs, which terrify me because i was basically bullied by the nurses the first day at the hospital in 2015 because i couldnt stop crying in the MRI. until 2018, when i canceled the MRI without telling my parents until the morning of. 

even earlier in life, around age 7, i became so scared of throwing up that i stopped eating and became extremely underweight. this fear eventually went away until i was 13, and 4 years later its still on my mind every single day.

there are other things that caused me to be like this i think. seeing people pass out when i was younger. being scared of the dark and yelled for it. being homeschooled up until highschool, which apparently caused me to never be able to learn social skills and be terrified of people. if it werent for my friends i met the first day of freshman year, i never would have made it. they still make sure nobody is mean to me and they help me out because they probably know that i dont understand how to interact with people. 

ive been to the doctor, but hes not much help. in 2017, he gave me different antibiotics for several months for a "sinus infection". years afterward, now knowing what anxiety is, i know he was giving me antibiotics for anxiety. i was complaining of "swelling under my tongue and tingling teeth" but it "only happens when i think about it". to this day, if i get anxious, these things happen. finally earlier this year he referred me to get a psych eval and get therapy, which my parents pushed under the rug. because i was able to push through the panic attacks and get back into school later that week. so they thought i was cured or something.

i just sometimes feel like staying home until i die would be better. i was offered to design the yearbook at my school, which has been my dream for over a year. but i panic at every meeting and sometimes i just want to say sorry and that i cant keep working on it. sometimes i just want to drop out of school and forget everyone. stop visiting my family. stop trying to get better because theres nothing i can do to make it go away.

i dont even know why im writing this. im just giving up hope. im slowly ghosting my friends and family. i just want to be left alone forever