Why was the PIE movement to the west a violent invasion vs to the east where it was a slow migration?
Questions related to the main question:

1. The Yamnaya men that moved into Europe replaced the population and spread their genes, according to what I've read, violently, killing the men and breeding with the women. Why was the Yamnaya-Shintasta-Andronovo movement towards Iran and S. Asia not as violent? If it was, could you please point me to some papers or other evidence, such as mass graves in NW India, Iran or along the route the Indo Europeans took, etc? 

2. PIE genetics can be found throughout most of the European population. However, in S Asia, it is mostly found in the upper castes, or the historical elite - Brahmans, the religious leaders and Kshatriyas, the kings and warriors. What did the migrating Shintasta culture have that would favour them such that they became part of the ruling elite? If it wasn't a violent war-like replacement like it was in the west but a slow dripping migration, what did they have to offer to a civilisation building people of the late IVC such that they were accepted as elites? Horses? Chariots? And?

3. The migrating Shintasta people picked up cultural and religious material from the BMAC and transformed from nomads who practiced thuggery and Koryos to an epic-writing, poem-composing, deep-thinking culture that wrote the Vedas and came up with Vedic religion. All this while they are still migrating in hundreds of waves, are traveling through mountain passes and haven't settled. If this happened, was this new religion, combined with horses and chariots, attractive enough for the native IVC population to have rejected their gods and placed the nomads on the ruling pedestal?

4. We have evidence to show that there were close relationships between the BMAC and IVC with the discovery of artefacts from IVC in BMAC settlements, and vice versa. Given this is the case, wouldn't the IVC culture already be aware of BMAC religious and cultural practices? Why would they not be influenced by direct contact, but be impressed by second hand BMAC culture being brought by nomads?

5. Like the Rig Veda of the eastern migratory branch, did the Yamnaya-Shintasta people create any other works of literature? Do we have any references to or cultural memories of any poems, epics or even stories from any other migratory branch?


Edit: I've used Shintasta instead of Indo European. I was referring to the proto group that moved down south. Replace it with indo Iranian or indo aryan if it makes more sense.