For those of you that have been supervisors for undergrad research projects, to what extent do you guide/teach the students working with you?
So I'm doing a research project right now, and I mean, while it's interesting and all, I feel partially lost? I'm not sure how this is supposed to work, since none of my friends are doing any projects with the same department since it's super small, nor do I know any previous students that well to ask them how it went, and I'm not particularly sure if I'm going in the right direction.

But yeah, so basically, ever since I started at the beginning of this semester, my supervisor has handed me only one research paper and asked me to study it. Which I did, for about 2 months (had to take almost 2.5 weeks off because of covid though). But yeah, he hadn't told me if I was taking too little/too much time or anything, but just let me read up until I understood it, which I sort of did and then presented on it. I decided that I wanted to do a comparison between certain methods to find something and told him about how I found another paper, so he just said okay and told me to read it. So I did. And it's something I've essentially never studied or seen during my entire degree. So I'm basically teaching it all to myself...?

Long story short; is it normal to give this much "freedom" to your students?  How much do you normally guide undergrads specifically, or teach them during the duration of a research project. (Like I guess grad students probably do/should have more freedom when they're working on newer stuff, right?) 

Anyway, at this point, I'm not ever sure if I'm going in a good or bad direction, I'm just trying to figure stuff out on my own. And my supervisor isn't terrible, like he'll explain stuff if I ask him to, but he doesn't exactly,,, give me a direction or any indication that the direction *I'm* going in is correct/okay. Is this common? Or should I have asked him to sort of guide me more before?

(Also note that I am not working towards an undergrad thesis, it's basically a senior year project, and for those with my major at my university, it's usually research, so it's not supposed to be super intense I think, I might just be working towards a final presentation or something. But I'm still kind of confused about what I'm doing tbh.)