Whats your Zero-to-One or Zero-to-Hero Story in Academia Field and What's Your Suggestion to Struggling Students and Fresh Graduates Who Pursue Career in Academia?
Dear Professors, PhDs, Postdoctoral Fellows and Researchers,

I am a master student of Computer Science from a background of Bachelor of Science with GPA 3.35  from Indonesia. My field of interest is in online learning and educational technology. My current research is in Self-Regulated Learning. I aimed to become a researcher for a company or a lecturer in university in Canada/USA/Europe.

I struggle in my study. I had depression with maladaptive daydreaming involved (you can read more on r/MaladaptiveDreaming) that further disrupts my reading comprehension quality. I often fail in my classes due to difficulty in understanding and grasping basic prerequisite concepts (like when I took Machine Learning Classes, I fail to connect them to Statistics and Algebra understanding, which as of today I am continuously trying to grind for better grip). I had passion in helping other people, like teaching. As of today, I managed to publish 2 papers in Scopus Indexed Conferences, all with bitter struggle.

I hope I can hear your stories, from people who now thriving and "sitting on the cloud" of their academia career (tenured, appointed as professors, awarded scholarships/grants, etc.), especially from people who once struggle with their academic achievement, financial or even things like procrastination and distraction. Were you able to reach there due to pure luck? (Met with good supervisor or got the scholarship "the easy way") or are there other stories (practicing math 40 hours a day? *pun intended :)* ) behind your success? 

This question may seem trivial for you. But as of today, everything is so advanced: new standards, the more narrow expertise in research fields, more interdisciplinary development of fields. In the past, in Indonesia, to be tenured in university, one's only need to get Master Degree in certain field and 3 years experience in teaching. As of today, to become a recognized lecturer (receiving national lecturer identification number/*NIDN*), one needs to publish a ton of paper in nationally accredited journal, peer reviewing journal and had a lot of project in community (just like student, it measured with credit based system). And me, with my struggle and difficulties, finding it overwhelming. And since I dreamed of becoming a researcher for either a company or an university in Canada or USA or Europe, it seems impossible. Your story is valuable for me, or for people who once saw academics purely as genius people (like Terrence Tao or Artur Avila) who jumped around by they merit.

Thank you for your understanding.