Aquarius and Pisces
Aquarius and Pisces are the last two signs of the zodiac. I associate this fact with them being the oldest, the wisest, the "what you've been through, I've done it", Aquarius is most famously known as the Water Bearer. From an outside perspective, coming back to the fact that it is the second-last sign (this will be important later on), I've associated the water inside it with everything they know about human life - knowledge and emotion being the standouts, personally. The humanoid can access this knowledge and these emotions, but are these elements of life truly a part of the humanoid? Aquarius is able to experience this knowledge and these emotions whenever they so desire, while at the same time still being aware of the outside world. Would the humanoid, the Water Bearer, be just an empty shell without the water?

Coincidentally, Pisces is a Water sign, a fish in a water, that comes right after Aquarius, the Water Bearer. A way of looking at this is, Aquarius needs to jump into the water it holds and experience this knowledge and these emotions first-hand. By surrounding the humanoid with everything they know about life, they progress towards completing themselves, thus making the transition to Pisces.

Pisces has adapted to the water and has become very responsive to what it receives (they are also a mutable sign, known for their adaptiveness), the knowledge and emotions. The possible downside now is that they can be less aware of what happens in the outside world, as a result of having been submerged into what I'd call an inside world, full of knowledge and emotions that Aquarius has collected.

Because of this, I ultimately see Pisces as the most misunderstood sign and also the one with the highest potential. After being submerged and integrating this knowledge and emotion into their core being, what would be the next natural step? Jumping out of the water, assuming themselves as a complete being (to their knowledge. From an outside view, the way they will be perceived will depend on how they've handled the museum of knowledge and emotion while submerged in it. They could be lunatics, mad men, monks, scientists, geniuses, it all depends on them) and restarting the zodiacal cycle - on comes baby Aries.

I think it's a fascinating, fascinating topic. I want this thread to be like a brainstorm, feel free to say whatever you want without being judged. Anything you're thinking about this topic, I want to hear it. At the same time, if you disagree with anything I say or feel as if I'm misinterpreting something, I more than encourage you to correct me, similar to a learning experience.