Was sent an email saying I may possibly be in violation of student conduct code at school in california when I haven't done anything.
This is my last semester in college and I tried to schedule my final for a certain class at the disabilities office since I have a learning disability and need extra time. I was trying to book it over a week in advance. The supervisor said they were completely booked and that they would not be able to accommodate me. I told her if I don't get the extra time I will fail. She responded by saying well there's always next time. I told her it's my last semester so there is no next time and find what she's saying unacceptable. She apologized and said she doesn't know what to tell me. So I asked if she had a supervisor. She told me "yes it's on the disability website and she'll tell you the same thing but would you like me to spell out her email for you" with some attitude.  So I email her supervisor and dean of students stating what this person told me mentioning her name.  A few hours after that email was sent I receive an email stating that I am in violation of student conduct code 4 "participating in an activity that substantially and materially disrupts the normal operations of the university, or infringes on the rights of members of the university community."  So I haven't done anything wrong and suddenly I need to meet with a student conduct specialist to discuss the matter but they refuse to tell me the nature of the matter until our meeting. I can only imagine and suspect that she must have read that email so she filed a false complaint against me to get herself out of trouble and put the blame on me. I haven't been able to focus or study for my finals or do my homework due to this. Telling a student with disabilities they can't get their extra time can really hinder their success. The main person at disabilities scheduled my final right away but now im dealing with a false allegation that can really affect my future. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

UPDATE:  It actually gets worse and the person behind all this is the actual professor whose class I requested accommodations for. Last semester she did not give me my extra time and it deleted all my answers and had to retake the test again and she changed all the math questions. She is a very meticulous person but I gave her the benefit of the doubt. In this class where she is the only one that teaches it I was going to schedule my midterm at dass and she said "why don't you take it in class I'll stay the extra hour and if you need any assistance I'll be here to answer any of your questions"  Our class officially ends at 1:50pm, it was noon it's a 5 hour class and once the other students left, students of other classes came at noon to discuss grades and she knows I have concentration and processing problems, how did the students know to come? So I told her that why would you have students come in to discuss grades all loud while you know I can't concentrate? She said she didn't know they were coming but didn't want to out me of having a disability. My gut was telling me otherwise and I discussed this with another professor. The thing is she's always so nice to me comparing to how she is to others so I definitely didn't even suspect her and always tried to give her the benefit of the doubt. So she makes this allegation making me look really bad and disruptive which I hardly talk in class. I explained everything to student conduct she dismissed it and said you should file a grievance but first talk to the chair. The chair is her good friend so I don't trust her. The problem is this professor brags about how she got 1 million dollar grant for the school so she thinks she's untouchable which may be true.  I have to say she played the art of war well, keep your friends close your enemies closer, strike when they least expect it and create great anxiety that she definitely did. So I emailed the dean, but this is unacceptable to me to make such false allegations. I told the dean to interview my other professors and my research professors about my character and to interview the students in class. I did nothing wrong if anything she is the one that has sabatoged my previous exams, finals week and my character. Does she have a problem with people with disabilities or different gender identities? She never said anything to think that but her actions say differently. I'm shocked to say the least.