Nationwide scholarships scam?
I am a physician and was trying to help out a student who is shadowing me get scholarships. Please do me a favor and try out one thing and tell me if this is a nationwide scam.

Go to fastweb.com, which is the #1 go-to resource promoted by both high school counselors and the media. *It is also recommended by the US government. The Department of Education strongly endorses this site.* As do university financial aid offices of Stanford, Harvard, MIT, Princeton, Caltech, Yale and all other universities I quickly checked.

Sign up for a dummy account with a fake name and fake e-mail address. It shouldn't take more than a minute or so. 

Fastweb will show you the scholarships you have been "matched with", which is amazing because you have given them almost no information to match you with scholarships. You haven't given them your intending major, your race, your gender, the college you wish to attend, the state you want to go to school to, or anything else. But they still "match" you. Go directly to the matched scholarships answering as little questions as possible.

Then Fastweb will show you 40 to 70 scholarships you matched with, depending on the age you fake-entered. First look at the "no-essay" scholarships. Many of them take a few seconds to apply. Do they look like scholarships to you? Because to me, they looked like data-harvesting tools. These scholarships are just contests or sweepstakes designed to harvest your data.

Next look at the other scholarships. Do you see any legit ones like Bill &amp; Melinda Gates scholarship? Of the 65 scholarships that were "matched" to me, all seemed fraudulent. So I tried again with a new date of birth. This time I was matched with 50 scholarships - again all seemed fake data harvesting tools. And this site is strongly endorsed by our US government and the Department of Education on their own website!

Maybe your luck is better than mine. Please try it out because Fastweb is the top resource recommended by all counselors and all media.

Can someone please confirm **OR DENY** that this is a nationwide scam? I will be very happy if someone proves me wrong because it will reassure me that millions of wide-eyed students aren't being taken advantage of.