Is a lawsuit a bad idea?
My recommenders are encouraging me to sue. But would a lawsuit be a bad idea given that I will be in academia?

I applied to 10 universities for graduate school. The school closest to my Native American reservation was my only real choice, especially given Covid. These were my credentials -

- my GPA is 4.0 from a tribal college, Haskell Indian Nations University

- perfect GRE score

- excellent letters of recommendation

- good research. As one recommender observed "I had more published papers and better quality papers than the typical rookie Assistant Professor applying for faculty positions in the discipline." 

I was accepted by 8 of 10 universities. 

At Stanford, my application never made it past the gatekeepers who first presumed I am an illegal for some reason and later kept asking me for my "official TOEFL score given that you are applying from India." They mistook Haskell Indian Nations University, a Native American college, for a college from India - and further emails were not replied to by Stanford. 

So leaving aside this misunderstanding, all universities accepted me, except one. 

The university closest to my Indian reservation declined to accept me. Instead, a FOIA request showed that they accepted all foreign students with poor GRE scores (43 percentile average) and extremely poor GPA's. The graduate program director is from the same country and all accepted students into the program are from his country. The accepted student profiles are online and it is also clear that none of them has any research experience.

I was unable to join any university because of Covid. Or maybe I should say because my diabetes puts me at a high risk for Covid complications and there were no vaccines back then. If the local university would have accepted me, I would have joined them because I could have stayed at home and commuted to school.

My recommenders - and others - want me to sue this local university so that they stop discriminating against similarly-situated people in the future. But I am thinking I want to be in the same field doing research and that maybe this would be a bad idea in the long run. So I am extremely reluctant.

Any thoughts?


*Edit - responding to questions*

&gt; I'm curious why you applied to schools you won't consider attending?

I had expected the pandemic would end, in which case I could have joined any school.

&gt; Are your recommenders going to stump up the cash for you to bring what will be a very expensive lawsuit or are they expecting you to fund it all yourself?

I was told an EEOC legal action is free.

&gt; I'm assuming from the FOIA that your local university is a state university.

Yes it is.

&gt; Have you spoken to a lawyer to confirm that you have a legal case to make here

Yes, she is prepared to take me on contingency basis but I am extremely reluctant to sue. That is not my type.

&gt; Did you contact the graduate director at Stanford?

Yes, I sent Stanford over 15 reminder e-mails but then gave up because I didn't want to make a nuisance of myself. After writing to the graduate director, I intuitively felt that maybe Stanford didn't want me and were raising all kinds of excuses to deter my application from being complete before the deadline. The gatekeeper at Stanford sent me three e-mails where she presumed I am an illegal Mexican, which is quite confusing to me. At this point, my working hypothesis is that maybe reading e-mails on tiny smartphones causes reading comprehension problems in some people.

&gt; who specifically, were you communicating with at Stanford?

Grad director 3 e-mails, rest to department secretary, graduate school.

&gt;  If the emails from Stanford use the words "illegal mexican" or anything like that then that's a slam dunk.

Yes, they do. Three or four e-mails. But they were positive mentions - like we encourage illegals like you to apply. Or, we fund illegals with scholarships, so we encourage you to complete your applications, etc.

&gt; Illegal - why do you think they think this? you included so much else. this seems important.

Many people mistake us to be foreigners in real life. O'odhams mistaken for Mexicans, Alaskans tribes mistaken for Russians, other tribes mistaken for Filipino, Indian, Japanese, etc. Maybe she Googled me and my face = illegal in her mind? Or maybe reading e-mails on tiny smartphones causes reading comprehension problems in some people? The mistake could also be intentional delaying tactics to make someone miss the application deadline. I mean, who knows what's really going on - the decisions aren't transparent like in many overseas countries and things operate like a black box.