My vasectomy was stopped mid procedure. My doctor didn't give me too many instructions after. All I can find online is advice for people who completed the procedure.
I apologize in advance for my lack of medical knowledge, but this is my first time posting in this group, since I figured it'd be a good place to start. I'm a 27 year old whole male, 5'7", 170 Lbs, with no serious medical contitions aside from mild asthma and a VERY low pain tolerance. That's something I've had an issue with, and was worried about it going into this procedure. I was supposed to have a vasectomy 48 hours ago. The procedure was stopped due to pain related complications. My urologist successfully numbed my scrotum, made an incision, and was about to cut my vas deferens. He asked me "are you sure you wanna do this? I'm about to cut it." I said yes, and then he did something. Not sure what it was, but I was in immense pain. I basically screamed and clenched up, but I told the doctor to just "rip the bandaid off and finish it," but he stopped the procedure since he said he "did not feel comfortable with my reaction." Honestly that was probably a good call. He said he would be happy to due the procedure if I were fully knocked out, but he wouldn't proceed if I weren't. He then stitched me back up, wrote me a prescription for antibiotics, and sent me home.
My main questions are, does anyone here know exactly what he did? Did he fully slice through my vas deferens?
I'm also curious if there's anything I need to do in particular regarding my scrotum and/or testicles. I sometimes feel a little irritation where he did whatever the heck he did, but not much. It's not anything that I feel like I should be alarmed about, but clearly, I'm not a urologist, so I don't know what is normal after something like this. 
I'm also wondering when it's safe to resume sexual activity. I'm wondering because all of the advice I see online is for someone who has actually completed the procedure. In my case, I didn't get it finished. My girl very much wants to perform oral sex, but I'm worried about the incision potentially becoming infected since the mouth isn't very sterile.
Any advice is greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance for your time!