I'm obsessed with the number 3 and it's ruining me.
I (15F) have always had weird quirks - about symmetry, headphones, believing everything to be a fire hazard, etc. But this one is actively ruining my health, and I wish this was an exaggeration. I can't stop counting things - and specifically, I can't stop trying to make things 3, or multiples of three. That probably doesn't explain it well, so I'll give an example.

Let's say I'm moving things around and I end up putting two boxes right next to each other - automatically, I feel an incessive need to put another box there to make it three, or else something catastrophic will happen. This is getting really common. If I want to open a door, I can't turn the knob once - I have to do it three times before I go into a room. If I scratch myself on something and it leaves two marks, I can't leave it like that - I have to go back and scratch myself again to make it three.

I do have a bit of solace in the number 5, since I've managed to accept that as a "backup number" of sorts, so if I can't make something 3, I can try to make it 5 to give myself some peace of mind. The number one is also okay in some situations (only sometimes, I'm not sure what my brain wants with that one). It's when things go in 2s or 4s that it become a problem - I physically cannot do something twice, without going back and doing it a third time. It's awful.

I feel like I'm going insane. I do mental gymnastics to turn things into threes at this point, like arguing that even if two birds are sitting on a tree branch, another was sitting there too at some point in time, making it a trio. I can't stop thinking about numbers, like counting how many steps it takes me to walk out a room - and I will actively turn back if it isn't a multiple of 3.

Whenever I look this up, it seems like some sort of OCD; but I'm really not sure, since when I asked someone I know who has OCD, she told me that OCD isn't about stuff like this, and more cleanliness. I don't want to devalue her by saying I might have OCD because of something like this, so I'm trying to look into other things.

Thus, here I am. Does this match any disorders, or am I just overblowing a stupid flaw of mine?

Edit: Thank you all so much for the your answers!! Hearing that I'm not alone in my issue, and that I can get help has been really encouraging.