[Serious] Gynecologists of Reddit: Why is the average gynecologist reluctant to pursue an endometriosis diagnosis/dismissive of pain?
Age: 27, female, 5’1. Endometriosis. Symptoms were extremely painful debilitating cramps during the first day of my cycle along with vomiting, fever, and almost passing out. 

I am one of many patients who have suffered endometriosis for YEARS before finally having enough and needing to find a specialist who would take my pain seriously and get me my diagnosis. This is such a common theme with woman with endo and it’s really sad. Extreme period cramps are not normal and shouldn’t be overlooked. Since I was 15 (diagnosed endo at 27) I have expressed my pain many times and the only answer they gave me was birth control. Once birth control was barely helping my pain, they only suggested me taking it to where I no longer get a period or get it every 3 months. I chose the 3 month option but I eventually asked for higher pain meds, since I did not wish to fully stop my period and naproxen barely helped me, and got denied as if I was some junkie just looking for pills. I’ve asked about the possibility of endo many times and got dismissed. They didnt want to do any surgeries unless I was ready for kids, which is ridiculous because it can continue to grow and cause serious permanent damage if not removed. It wasn’t until this year I had to find a specialist to get taken seriously, and she scheduled a lap for me right away without hesitation. Endo was found and removed via excision and for the first time in my life during my period, no more pain. My life was significantly changed after this, I felt like it was a miracle honestly. But why couldn’t this have been done years ago? I am just disappointed and feel like I was gaslighted this whole time, and this is so extremely common amongst others with endo. Is it lack of training? Do they want to just move on to the next patient? I’m genuinely curious.

Edit: I was not expecting this much engagement with this post, but thank you so much everyone who took the time to share your stories and opinions!! It’s so interesting to see everyone’s different views and experiences. And thank you so much for the silver and other awards!! You all are amazing! For those still struggling btw, you are strong, and you got this. Never ever give up on finding the treatment/diagnosis you deserve, and I mean that for any condition, not just endo.