Red bump in bellybutton that has formed since around the end of october. White ball came out of it. Please help. No doctor knows what is going on and it is concerning to me.
f19, 105 lbs, asian, no smoking/drugs, no past medical conditions 

&amp;#x200B;

It started when I was in bed on my phone and I felt something in my bellybutton. It was some crystal brown thing that was a bit sticky. I just took it out. Later I noticed a red bump forming inside there. Every day since then, a yellow like crystal pus began to form and I just cleaned it out twice a day. I went to urgent care and they said they've never seen anything like this. Then I went to my dermatologist, same answer here. So far, there has been no pain, nothing I have felt from this. But during this time, I noticed that when I was cleaning it, there was something white / gooey looking underneath the red bump that I could see if I tugged at the outside of my bellybutton to clean around the bump. The derm just told me that it's just some scar tissue that I can see and not some lint or anything concerning. Additionally, the bump was growing for the first two weeks (never grew bigger than the height of my bellybutton if that makes sense) 

Then they sent me to the general surgeon who I assume also has no idea what is going on. They sent me to get a contrast CT Scan (scheduled for later this week). Just yesterday, I noticed that the white stuff that I said I could see underneath was starting to come up and was staying NEXT to the red bump now instead of underneath it. I did not need to tug around my bellybutton skin to be able to see it. Because of this, my bellybutton began to produce some yellow-ish ooze/pus (I don't know what it is) and I had to clean it more often than usual. Then at night when I was cleaning it, I was laying down when I cleaned it because my stomach was hurting like crazy (I think it's because I was so bloated). I laid down and was looking at it while I cleaned it but when this was going on, I noticed that something was coming out. In the picture that I linked below, you can see that the white ball was literally coming out on its own and I ran downstairs to ask someone to take a picture of it for me. The white ball that was underneath/next to the bump had came out and I just stored it in my ziplock. Now, I noticed that my red bump has grown slightly bigger. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am very concerned and really would appreciate it if a doctor here has ever seen a case like this. This has never happened to me. I have not had any problems with my umbilical cord or bellybutton growing up and this came out of no where. I do not usually pick at my bellybutton either. 

Image of bellybutton now and of ball that came out of bellybutton: [https://imgur.com/a/ZYoEn0t](https://imgur.com/a/ZYoEn0t)