In Hospital Again...Need Real Life Dr. House
40m, white, non smoker casual drinker.  I am currently in a hospital bed on a Heparin Drip.  

I have Vascular, Hematology, oncology, and even Gastro all stumped.  Basically, I am under attack by blood clots but no one has a clue why.   A year of this.  

Long story short - calf DVT 10/20.  Found May Thurner, stent placed, clot resolved, moved on with life.   Taken off thinners. 

July - spinal surgery.  3 weeks later,  blood clots EVERYWHERE, spent a week in hospital had thrombectomy.  Simple answer - surgery caused clots (even though ive had many surgeries before with no clots).  Put on Xarelto. 

November - found more clots even on Xarelto.  Do tPA lysis catheter puts me in hospital another week.  Clears clogged stents, put on Lovenox.  

2 weeks later - more clots.  Just had another thrombectomy.  

I have tested negative for everything.  Negative for all genetic factors, negative for rare clotting disorders.  And yet, here I am.  

CT Scan of chest and pelvis no tumors.  Lymph nodes swollen but "subcentimeter" in the area where all the clotting keeps happening.  

Everyone is stumped.  They won't let me out of the hospital. I feel fine except for my leg which has been through alot.  

Only info to go off of - I have been anemic off and on, Monocyte % slighly high, folate very low, absolute immature gran count high.   

I am here in the hospital.  I can ask anything.  Give me your wildest ideas.  Something to have them test.  I want to go home but also desperate for a diagnosis.  Thank you!

PS: WOW- thank you all.  Updates from what I’ve relayed off of this thread - hematology is now done with me unless something changes.  They say they’ve tested for every clotting disorder and looked as much as they could for underlying cancers.  They say definitively it is not APS.  🤷🏼‍♂️

Update 2 (I don't think anyone is still checking this but just in case) - Tumor marker test was negative but they did find a precancerous polyp from the colonoscopy.