In the past decade or so I've gotten dumber and dumber, to the point where I have trouble doing simple tasks, following directions or holding a job. Very scared for the future.
I'm a 31 year old man, American, living in Louisiana. I'm 5'9" and obese, although I've always been obese. I go in for annual checkups and bloodwork and they always tell me I'm fat but my bloodwork looks fine and I should think about losing some weight. 25lbs down since this time last year, still have about 45 to go before I'm officially in the 'overweight' category. I vape nicotine since quitting smoking five years ago, and I drink socially. No other drugs except coffee. I also have XXY Syndrome and I'm prescribed Testosterone for that, which I constantly forget to take for reasons I'll explain below. 

**tl;dr: In the past 15 years I've gone from graduating near the top of my class to being unable to remember to shower, get dressed, or read the instructions on the back of a cereal box.** 

Essentially I feel like the Flowers for Algernon guy. When I was a kid I was in all gifted classes, reading at a high school level by the time I was in kindergarten, and at college level by the third grade. That being said I was held back a few times for social problems. I got the third highest SAT scores in my entire school and got into a great college. School never came easily to me and I had to work very hard, but the structure and enforced routine that was provided made for a great learning environment. I had teachers barking orders at school and parents barking orders at home, so I always remembered to get everything done. 

College was very challenging and I did well but not fantastic. The lack of structure wasn't great for me, and I had to juggle class, work, sports, and friends, and it was overwhelming. At first I chalked this up to being a smaller fish in a bigger pond, but by the end of my senior year when I was 24, I noticed I was having trouble reading most books and understanding "big" concepts. When I was in college I had a therapist and we worked together to make a bunch of systems or themed days that would make my college life feel like I was following orders even if I wasn't, to keep me on track. I graduated by the skin of my teeth after many sleepless nights.

I was never able to find a job related to my major, but since then I've worked in supermarkets, delivery driving, in a warehouse, and as a PC repairman, but I've been unemployed since the pandemic started, mostly by choice because I've heard Covid is not kind to fat guys with extra chromosomes, but I also haven't been able to find anyone hiring. Usually I get laid off at the end of employment contracts because they can't move me up and would rather have someone without a degree in my position so they can pay them less. 

Around the time I was 27 I realized that I could no longer read a book and understand it, unless it was either in bullet points or the concepts were explained in pictures, so I started listening to books on tape instead. That has gotten significantly worse in the past few years, until I started having trouble reading online articles unless they were very short and used simple language. Currently at 31 I have trouble following instructions to build Ikea furniture or follow a recipe on the back of a box. 

Most days I forget to shower or get dressed. Picking out an outfit feels confusing and makes me frustrated so I usually end up throwing up my hands in frustration and I end up staying in my pajamas all day. I feel like my brain is simultaneously all over the place and out of control and also confined to a tiny box. 

Every attempt I make to create systems and structures to reorganize my life is met with resistance from everyone else in my life because "a grown-ass man shouldn't need to wear green on Thursdays to remind him to eat his broccoli" or "an adult should be able to go to the grocery store without a list and pick out things to make a meal" or similar stuff along those lines and I have the hardest time explaining to people that I really do need the lists and the reminders and cues because I genuinely forget how to live when I don't have those. I need to be able to plan out my outfits for the week when I'm having a 'good day' because I forget how pick out clothes that go together to when it's a 'bad day' and it ends in frustration and tears. 

Most recently I've been forgetting to eat or drink water. Last week I passed out because I hadn't eaten in a few days, because it didn't occur to me that I should until I was on the floor thinking "oh shit, when's the last time I ate, I don't remember". I never get hungry or thirsty until I'm passing out. I don't have wants or needs unless my needs are so apparent that my body is shutting down without them. I'm not interested in literally anything. I have no hobbies and I don't really care about anything enough to make it a hobby. My wife is really worried about me. 

What's up with this?