I can’t tell if I’m experiencing psychosis or legit paranormal activity.
I’m a 25F of African and European decent, living in North Carolina, USA. I’m five feet and one inch tall and I weigh 120lbs. The only medications I take are over the counter pills for seasonal allergies. (Benedryl) I do not drink or smoke. I do not use any recreational drugs.  I had a minor stroke when I was a baby, my only long term symptoms are a small tremor and weakness in my right hand. As far as I know, there is no history of mental illness in my family. 

I’ve had delusions for as long as I can remember, but I’ve never told anyone about them. I thought it was something I’d grow out of, like having an imaginary friend. When I realized I still had the same beliefs in my late teens and early 20s, I was embarrassed because I thought they were a sign of immaturity. I did not know until recently, that what I have struggled with my whole life are called delusions. 

I think that I am constantly being watched by people I can’t see. I worry extensively about what they think of me. I am constantly afraid to embarrass myself in front of them and I am always trying to impress them. They watch me through electronic devices and everyday items (ex. cards, books, my glasses)As a kid, I used to hide things in my closet or under blankets so I could get some privacy. As an adult, for several years, I would only change my clothes in a dark room because I didn’t want to be watched. Now, whenever I want privacy, I make sure that everything that is used to watch me is pointed in the opposite direction from me. 

Lately, I think I might be developing new symptoms, and I can’t tell if they’re real or not. This year, two of my childhood pets died within six months of each other. I still hear them around the house though. Every once in a while, I hear faint meowing and I can also hear the jingle of their collars. I’ve told my family that my cat’s spirits are still with us, but they think the sounds I hear are coming from our other cats. I hear the noises when I am around my other cats, but also when I’m alone. When my two surviving cats are in the basement of my house, two floors below my room, I still hear the meowing and the bells. When I hear the noises, I call out the names of my dead cats and tell them I love them. If they really are ghosts, I want them to know I hear them and I still care about them. 

Am I getting worse? And if I share my concerns with my doctor, will she think I’m faking it because I’ve never mentioned my delusions before?