Do you agree with this article saying "women who claim to 'do makeup for themselves' are deluding themselves"?
https://feminisminindia.com/2019/09/17/choice-feminism-self-imposed-barrier-progress/

This article criticizes "choice feminism". It says that the choices women make in their lifestyle are caused by the patriarchy. So "choice" does not mean agency because there is patriarchal influence affecting the choice to begin with. With the example of makeup, it says:

&gt; Make-up can be empowering for trans women to really come into their own and express their femininity. But cis women **who claim to “do makeup for themselves” are deluding themselves**. Unless makeup is being used for some other artistic purpose, the only reason it would make someone feel better about themselves is because they feel more “beautiful”. There are many problems with this.

&gt; Being beautiful is an age-old established patriarchal pre-requisite to being a woman ... Most of us who use makeup do it in a way that it closely matches the set beauty ideal of the time. This beauty ideal is still constructed to cater to the male gaze, and by using makeup we are in fact perpetuating the value that women must be appealing to men. It is true that makeup has the power make us feel more confident. But society has taught women to feel good about ourselves only when men find us pretty. Is it, then, truly a choice?

The article seems to be saying that women wear makeup because (a) they want to conform to beauty standards, (b) they want men to find them pretty, and both of these reasons are in turn caused by patriarchal thinking.

It is a common thing for women to say they "wear makeup for themselves" and not anything else, be it other men, other women, or society. This article says that this notion is incorrect, and they're actually doing it because of the patriarchy - specifically the patriarchy creation of beauty standards and male approval. (or more specifically, patriarchal influence that deludes them into thinking it's their own choice). 

If you agree with this article's objection, do you agree that these women are indeed incorrect? Would you correct these women the next time you hear "I wear makeup for myself" being confidently uttered?

If you don't agree with this article, how do you object to the idea that the choice women make, such as makeup, are not made in a vacuum and are instead caused by the patriarchy?