Having a conversation, and... am I wrong?
I received a comment that made me wondering if I'm misguided / going about feminism wrong.

&gt;!Him: "I think Rebecca's characterization of feminists wasn't intended to be an ostensive definition of feminism, but more of an observation of how self described feminists so often behave. Feminism (as defined in the dictionary) doesn't require playing the victim or resenting men, but neither does it rule them out. Unfortunately, examples of feminists who embody these traits are so ubiquitous as to create the impression that victim-hood and misandry are either prerequisites for embracing feminism, or a natural consequence of doing so. It's why people like me, who fully support gender equality, nevertheless completely reject the label of "feminist"."!&lt;  


&gt;!Me: "I used to say "of course I believe in equal rights, but I don't hate men". And then I got older and began meeting people outside of my bubble. "Feminist Cat Lady Spinster" began as a joke (tho true) but it's truly interesting to me how people react to the name. I've never met a man-hating, yelling feminist... but I've met a lot of people who characterize us as such.!&lt;  


&gt;!Him: "I suspect you have met feminists like that, just as I have, but you were never aware of it because their invective wasn't directed at you. Recently there was a piece in the Washington Post called, "Why can't we hate men?" While I commend feminists like Suzanna Walters for finally being honest about their own misandry, there's really nothing novel here; similar articles were published back in the 70's, perhaps even earlier. The response from "moderate" feminists is by now so predictable that it has given rise to the acronym, NAFALT (Not All Feminists Are Like That). One wonders though, whether that's true. After all, it's only human nature to "hate your oppressor," as one feminist put it. If I came to believe that I was being oppressed by half the population, I would certainly bear at least some resentment for them, and justifiably so."!&lt;  


&gt;!Me: Except we're all being oppressed. It comes in different forms, but sexism hurts men and women. And I'm really not sure why the extremists get the most coverage and are given the most credibility - well, it gets the most clicks so I suppose that makes sense for the media, but for everyday people... I don't get it. The FLDS doesn't represent Mormons. Matt Dillahunty doesn't represent atheists. Etc.  ETA: And misandry isn't okay. Being honest with herself is great, but she shouldn't put it out like it's a rational thing and everyone should hate men.!&lt;  


&gt;!Him: "In this case I suspect the extremists get the most attention because: (1) their's are the loudest voices, and (2) because it puts the lie to the tiresome refrain that feminists don't hate men. As I said, I'm actually sympathetic to the misandrist feminists, because I think their position is the logically consistent one. IF you accept the central premise of feminism, that women as a class are oppressed by men as a class, then it's hard to see why any woman believing that would not develop feelings of deep resentment toward men, since apparently we're all complicit in her oppression. I take the same view of St. Aquinas' argument that atheists (such as myself) should be put to death. In both these instances I find the logic to be unassailable; I reject the conclusions only because I believe the premises are false."!&lt;