Where do masculine women fit in society can they exist in society at all?
Content warning: RANT/swearing/auto correct/TERFs/long

Note: My writing is shity and disorganized I tried my best but this is Reddit not English class please leave my shity writing “style” out of the conversation it’s irrelevant to the point. I also try to use trans inclusive language 

I am seeing so many videos on YouTube by great channels like the take(I highly recommend them)about how “it’s ok to be feminine” and how a “female character does not have to be a tomboy to be a good role model” I or she shouldn’t have to give up her femininity to be powerful100%agree with this part. Or that “feminine woman aren’t having or aren’t allowed to have their stories told” I disagree with that part. Or that masculine woman are devaluing femininity this last one is almost a TERF talking point. Most shows I grew up with were nothing but feminine girls/women having their stories told and the one tomboy being an a hole. I made a rant on r/masculineOfCenter about this. 

But what frustrates me is that as an AFAB person who is very much on the masculine side of things. I didn’t give up my “femininity” it wasn’t there to begin with. I do not value masculinity or femininity I value being me. masculinity or femininity are just descriptors for traits that I and other people have. But I feel like people like me don’t get their stories told. I understand that traditionally feminine things are devalued but I feel like both liberals and conservatives are pushing femininity on to AFAB people and I hate it. 

I will now take the piss out of both sides first conservatives. 

Conservatives: Not much to say here they just want to subjugate women/AFAB people and anyone not like them just look at r/tradfemsnark or r/fundysnarkununcensored r/persecutionfetish or r/pointlesslygendered for examples of what I mean. 

Now the other side 

Liberals: Some rad fems (I know they don’t represent the whole of feminism) say that because of internalized misogyny women devalue traditionally feminine things. Some women do devalue femininity because of this and it’s definitely a problem but telling me that a woman should be feminine isn’t the answer 

I don’t really give a shit whether something is masculine or feminine I just happen to have more/mostly masculine hobbies/traits. 

Some people assume I’m trans because of well everything about me but I’m not. Tomboys and trans men can exist at the same time. Also TEFS say trans men are just women are trying to escape their femininity/womanhood and try to use tomboys to push their shity agenda.

I feel like whenever a masculine woman is presented in media there is a slew of complaints about her think the Captain Marvel or She Ra shit storm. I saw Captain Marvel on an airplane and really liked it I related to her because of her more masculine personality and the fact her outfits were things I would wear and as much as I loved Wonder women I just couldn’t relate to her as much because I would never feel comfortable in that outfit. It’s like no one want to accept a masculine woman and if they do terms and conditions apply. 

So where do people like me fit in in society can we?