[CA] Do I have any protections for taking 11 business days of vacation at a time?
Hi all! 

So I have decided to take my vacation such that it overlaps with Christmas and New Years. All in all, I have 12 vacation days per year, plus 6 “floating vacation holidays” meant to be taken in lieu of our company not giving as many company holidays. Of the 12 days, I decided to take 8 starting Tuesday the 21st. Then, in 2022, I’m taking 3 days, for a total of 11 days. The Monday before my vacation, I worked extra long to make sure my stuff is covered so no one needs to cover for me the rest of that week. And the week I get back, I talked to my site lead to discuss how I’ll do all the work on that Friday, so no one will have to do my work that week either. 

I sent my vacation days to our admin, and cc-ed my manager. I also previously discussed with my team of 4 who was going to do my work, though this is not in writing. Part of the agreement was that I’d still respond to emails and send out reports. 

Since I started talking about vacation, my manager has (verbally) been grumbling and asking how I was able to take all this time, and I told him it was because I was taking it all in one block. Today, I got an email in writing that says the following:

“We always need to take vacation – especially with us all dealing with COVID and supply chain, etc. – but this is a 3 week block.  Did you discuss this with [team lead] and the team so that everyone can cover and still make sure our service commitments are fulfilled?  How much time did you give to your team to prepare for this?
 
Everyone would like to take Christmas thru New Years off.  Is [person covering for me] covering all your stuff? This just puts more pressure on the rest of your team…
 
See you when you get back.”

To be clear, even including weekends and holidays, this is less than three weeks (leaving Tuesday the 21st and coming back Friday the 7th). This manager has always been against work life balance, but I know that’s not important to HR.

Our company mandated holidays are:

- Friday the 24th and 
- Monday the 3rd

I told them November 8th about the vacation. In knowing him, I feel I may receive disciplinary action. At the very least, I know he aims to make it such that I don’t take more than one week at a time anymore. Is there anything to protect me against disciplinary action? Thank you!