[CA] I asked for a standing desk and now I’m off of work, what work status is that considered?
This Wednesday, I had asked my office job if they offered standing desks. They told me they couldn’t accommodate me. I’ve had a dr’s note and I didn’t disclose to them what diagnosis I had, though they did try to ask that day. It’s frustrating because I am more than capable of doing my job but I do understand they have their rules. She mentioned in their rule book that their employees need to be capable of working without restrictions, which was weird because I have had this same note since October. I am unsure what changed from then up until now that I asked them if they provide standing desks. I even offered to pay for it myself since they said it was too expensive and they refused that as a liability that other coworkers could hurt themselves walking by it. 

HR told me to file for short term disability on the EDD site and to return to work with a doctors note stating that I am cleared of all restrictions. She also said I have the option to quit and that she would fill out the paperwork so that I could receive unemployment. Is this true? To my understanding, I can’t get unemployment if I quit. I asked her if I’m being fired and she said no, that I need to focus on getting myself better and to return to work when I’m okay. 

This condition doesn’t really have a recovery, there are flare ups and I usually go to the Dr at that point and I’m in physical therapy every other week. I am capable of sitting for periods of time, obviously with pain and some days are worse than others, but I figured I could ask for a desk and thought the worst they could say is no. My restrictions are technically over next month. Why did they send me home when they could have waited until January when I was cleared of these restrictions?

Now I’m off work and I don’t have any sick or vacation time. I know if you don’t show up to work a certain amount of days it’s considered quitting. The EDD claim takes a while and by then it will already be January when my restrictions are up. I also read that short term disability doesn’t guarantee they will have my job for me when I’m back. I don’t know what this is now, it’s not sick leave. It’s like an involuntary unpaid leave? And the whole if you’re gone for 3 days you need a sick note. Can they wait it out on their end and say that I’ve quit? It really just feels like I’ve been fired. At this point I’d rather find a company that offers a standing desk, but I don’t want anything bad to be on my record. Any advice is appreciated as I’m not familiar about the laws from what I’ve been frantically googling, thank you.