My Uncle was a Tunnel Rat in Vietnam and has agreed to do an interview with me in the next 2 days, I need help finding the right questions to ask him.
Sorry if I posted this to the wrong subreddit but I am currently scrambling trying to think of questions to ask my uncle. He currently has probably about a year left due to his kidneys failing and other complications due to agent orange. He has never been one to talk about his experiences in Vietnam even his own brother only knows of one experience he has had.

My uncle has agreed to do the interview with me on either 12/24/2021 or 12/25/2021. What I am struggling with is finding the right questions to ask. I don’t want to bring up anything too traumatizing for him but I also want to be able to figure out the stuff he did differently than other individuals in order to survive such a high attrition rate job. If anyone would be interested in having a question answered from my uncle please comment it below and I can ask him.

Edit: I had the body in the comment section

Update: i created a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/rn3fg1/my_uncle_was_a_tunnel_rat_in_vietnam_and_has/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)  in r/history as advised by the mods so specific lines of potential questions can be brought up there! Thank you all so much for the assistance in this I believe some important information can be recorded

Update: Update: hello everyone! I have just finished up my first interview with my uncle a few minutes ago, we talked for about an hour and 20 minutes just about pretty much everything from before he was drafted and how that made him feel then onto his travels from the states to Vietnam, his initial experience in Vietnam such as what he was doing when he got there. From there we started to talk about Him being moved out to the “boondocks” with his unit and then becoming a tunnel rat. 

We then talked about equipment,training and initial feelings of the job. 
- what would be found in the tunnels
- booby traps (the different types)(how they go about finding them)
- time spent in tunnels and what would be a reason he wouldn’t continue 
-injuries 

We talked about a lot! And I was sure to record everything. My plan from here is to take everything we talked about and get a more detailed list of what I want to get more information about.
At the end of our talk today he said he would like to talk more and would tell me “whatever” I wanted to know so I think the plan is to try and do this once a week so I can get as much information about him as possible 
I would love to be able to share everything I find out with everyone! I just have to find out the best way to do that

I received some really great advice from this subreddit in resources that I can utilize one piece of advice I got that really helped this whole process a lot is, “when there is silence don’t speak and wait for the interviewee to continue” 
That piece of advice really helped get a lot more information than I thought was possible and is an area I need to improve in for next time because I can tell there was a lot more that my Uncle wanted to say before I sometimes asked the next question 

This post gained much more attention Than I initially expected and I am truly thankful for everybody’s input and advice, I do not know what I am doing when it comes to interviewing but am learning so much! I want to be able to share the material that I learn and want to be sure I do that in the correct way!