Of the twenty-five Einsatzgruppe commanders, a shocking fifteen of them had Ph.Ds. Why did the SS insist on having their Death Squads run by credentialed academics?
From Chapter 4 of Timothy Snyder's *Bloodlands*

&gt;Einsatzgruppen had been deployed in Austria and Czechoslovakia, but met little resistance in these countries and had no special mission to kill selected groups. It was in Poland that the Einsatzgruppen were to fulfill their mission as “ideological soldiers” by eliminating the educated classes of a defeated enemy. (**They were in some sense killing their peers: fifteen of the twenty-five Einsatzgruppe and Einsatzkommando commanders had doctorates.**)

Snyder is citing Browning's *Origins of the Final Solution*, which says:

&gt;As in Poland, Heydrich did not hesitate to draw from his stable of highly
educated Nazis. Of the four Einsatzgruppen commanders, three held a total of
four doctorates: Dr. Dr. Otto Rasch of EG C, Dr. Franz Walter Stahlecker of EG A,
and Dr. Otto Ohlendorf of EG D. 

&gt;Of the seventeen sk, ek, and Vorkommando
chiefs, a further seven held the doctorate: Dr. Martin Sandberger (sk 1a), Dr.
Erich Ehrlinger (sk 1b), Dr. Walter Blume (sk 7a), Dr. Erhard Kroeger (ek 6),
Dr. Otto Bradfisch (ek 8), Dr. Alfred Filbert (ek 9), and Prof. Dr. Franz Six
(Vorkommando Moscow). Some were taken from the upper ranks of the rsha in
Berlin: Nebe, Ohlendorf, Six, Sandberger, Filbert, Blume, and Erwin Schulz
(ek 5). Rasch and Stahlecker commanded the Security Police headquarters in
Königsberg and Prague. Many others were branch Office Security Police and
Gestapo chiefs: Rudolf Batz (ek 2) from Hanover, Günther Hermann (sk 4b)
from Brünn, Heinz Seetzen (sk 10a) from Hamburg, and Gustav Nosske (ek 12)
from Aachen.

&gt;Whatever their immediate previous postings, most of these officers had risen
through Heydrich’s SD. They virtually all shared the same ideological outlook
concerning Jews, Bolsheviks, and Slavs and Germany’s imperial future in the
east as well as attitudes and dispositions of ‘‘energetic ruthlessness,’’ initiative,
and activism that were the common characteristics of the SS intellectual elite. If
the top officers were handpicked, there is no indication that ideological reliability was ever seen as a necessary distinguishing criterion among the candidates under consideration

Browning is citing here:

&gt;Krausnick and Wilhelm, Die Truppe des Weltanschauungskrieges, p. 148; Ogorreck,
‘‘Die Einsatzgruppen der Sicherheitspolizei,’’ p. 152.

Which, well, I can't read.  

I'm not sure if I'm misreading this, but Browning seems to state, contra Snyder, that it was actually 11/21 commanders/subcommanders that had doctorates (one had *two*!)

In any case, what on earth is going on here?  Is this maybe some quirk of the German academic system, and these people actually had the equivalent of Juris Doctors, with lawyers overrepresented in the elite police circles Himmler was pulling from? How common was a doctorate among Nazi officers?  What did these people tend to have their doctorates in?  Were they "STEM", like how contemporary terrorists commonly have graduate education in engineering?  Or humanities scholars radicalized in the academy?  Why were they chosen for these jobs over mere ideological fanatics with a taste for blood, like you'd usually envision running a death squad?  How and why did a bunch of trained academics end up getting charged with murdering all the Jews in eastern europe?