[NY] Using FMLA for burnout and anxiety
TL;DR: I guess I'm here to ask about various experiences with FMLA being granted for burnout/stress/anxiety. I'm afraid my company is going to deny me because they don't take mental health seriously.

The situation summed up: I am burnout and constantly anxious to the point of nausea, hiding in the bathroom for a lot of my shift, and feeling a physical aversion to being in and/or around my department for a variety of reasons - working 6 days a week (so no real work/life balance), being short-staffed, having to overcompensate for our weaker links (from our PTers who don't show up to FTers who aren't really qualified for the position), a coworker who creates unnecessary drama, and dealing with a rude, condescending micro-manager of a manager.

I want to use FMLA to take a leave of absence. Ideally I could use the full 12weeks in one block so I can A) maintain my insurance and continue to work with my therapist and PCP and B) recalibrate and decide if this job is really the one for me - maybe I need to transfer to another store? Maybe I need to quit?

Yesterday I spoke to the ex-girlfriend of an ex-coworker. She works in one of our other stores and she said she had applied for FMLA for depression but was denied. She was told that to qualify you'd have to be so bad you're institutionalized. She also said that they saw her depression as a "liability" and she'd have to go out on disability rather than use FMLA. As a result they've transferred her five times this year. It seems to me if someone's depression is a liability they'd be more likely to be granted use of the FMLA rather than be transferred 5 times, no? She always came across as an unreliable narrator so I'm taking her info with a grain of salt.

I just don't know what to do. It's either FMLA or quit it seems. I'm not sure how disability is any different than FMLA except you get paid so idk why the company would push that. Any information anyone has would be an amazing help!