[NZ] We have a staff exodus and no one cares.
I work for a small local government body, as a fairly low level employee. I was told my department, before I joined, has a high staff turnover and people use my job as a stepping stone to better things.. but I love it and find myself very loyal to the people of the community I serve. We have only lost one, our manager, in the last two years, but there seems to be an unreasonably high level of staff changes overall. A handful of retirements, and several career changes with key staff (&gt;15 years service) seemingly leaving in droves. 5 in the last month alone! (we have 70\~ total staff).

Our HR person has a reputation for dealing in bad faith, power tripping, and stonewalling things. A 'stay our of their way' kind of person, with half-confirmed tales of shutting down complaints made about them, and ultimately leading to those complainants leaving. I myself had a contractual issue in the beginning that they tried to erase by them pushing for a new contract to be signed with more changes in it than they informed me of, most of which were to my detriment. I couldn't even *gift* a pool table to the staff room after gaining approval from every staff member and ETL I've been able to talk to, without this HR person delaying the process by 4 months so far for reasons they wont talk to me about.

Every leadership book I've read says staff retention is important. I want to make sure the CE, and the elected members of council who govern us believe this, and are following through on it not just in theory but in practice. So far, other long term staff think this is 'just a bad spate this time' but basically normal and want to just get on with finding replacements in an isolated area that's hard to staff in the first place.

How do I make enquiries about this, in a way that lets me keep my job?  
What metrics are used to gauge staff turnover?  
Should I try to find/make unbiased exit interviews, that this HR manager hasn't tampered with? How do I ask if there have even been any exit interviews?  
Who should you make a complaint to, if its the HR manager that the complaint is about?