[FL] would it be worth it to contact HR over my manager's inappropriate behavior?
I will try to be vague because I know they use reddit and don't want to end up fired over suspicion if they happen to be in this subreddit too. 

I started working at a small store (large company, small staff, there's 4 of us, 3 girls and a dude.) as a seasonal employee. I love the job, it's low stress for the most part considering it's retail and revolves around something I love doing. I am doing everything I can to become a regular employee because of this. I have never liked a job this much before. 

The issue I am having is that my manager, the dude among us girls, is very inappropriate and uses being married as an excuse to get away with it. He will straight up be like 'hey, nice butt you got there!' "I'm married so I'd never actually do anything." He says. Which makes me feel both uncomfortable and like a prude for being upset he's doing it. 

He has asked me questions about my body in front of the other girls after the assistant manager, who is kind of like a sibling to him, told him not to and I didn't answer at the time. When we were alone it came up again and I felt like I had to answer because I had the rest of my shift with him and didn't want to make a bad impression, since I'm still new. 

After that he proceeded to ask me about my sexual interest(s) and preference(s) and all I feel is shame. He is my manager or supposed to me. I want to keep this job.. so I felt like I didn't have a choice in whether or not I'd answer. I stayed silent about one thing because he said I didn't have to answer if I didn't want to, but this was after many other things he talked about with me. 

I'm sure I'm seen as replaceable right now to him and thought it wouldn't do me any good to act like a prude. Especially since it seems like the other girls didn't care much when he'd act inappropriately... I don't know what to do. 

Is it possible to contact another store and ask them if they have open shifts or not and kind of eventually just transition to that one (work more at that store than the one I was hired at...?)

FYI: I already posted this in another retail related community for advice before finding this one. So I just copy pasted. I really am unsure of what to do here though. 

I feel conflicted because I didn't tell him to stop 😕 but it was because I didn't want him to not keep me on after seasonal was over for not being okay with his behavior..

Update: I have made a report since posting this. I haven't had a shift since I did it unfortunately... kinda nervous to go back anyways though. I guess, wish me luck with that.. 

Thank you for all of your support and advice. I appreciate it a lot, a lot of the people in my life don't really understand how I feel about this subject; I haven't been able to bring myself to tell them everything that was said.