How explosive is Antimatter, Really?
So ever since I read a book (Angels and Demons by Dan Brown?) in high school, I've been fascinated by the idea that Antimatter is pretty explosive.

I mean, in Star Trek, they use Matter/Antimatter reactions to power their starships, it's pretty powerful.

But say I had 1 Antimatter Electron, and I just opened a container in a room, what would happen? Would it just be a stupidly bright flash? Would it be imperceptible?

What if I had 1 anti-hydrogen atom or enough antimatter that's equal in "weight" to a hydrogen atom? Would it level the building? Would it be similarly anti-climactic?

What if I had a gram? Or a kilogram? Would a kilogram of antimatter be equal to a 500kg bomb of conventional Heavy Exosives? Or would it be more like a conventional ~50kg artillery shell? Or would it be similar to a Fat Man Bomb? A Tsar Bomb?

All I've ever read is science fiction, and they seem to be wildly wildly different in how dangerous Antimatter actually is.

I mean, in the book I read, they had an antimatter device that you could hold in your hand and it would have destroyed I believe the entire Vatican City.

But in Star Trek Generations, the Enterprise D is destroyed (or at least the Star Drive Section) in a massive explosion when they lose antimatter containment, and it has 3,000 m³ of antimatter storage.

We know from the show that they use Deuterium and Anti-Deuterium, so not a "complex" element compared to say, using Uranium and Anti-Uranium.

But it's really not *that* big of an explosion. At least when you think in other literature, something that could fit in your hand could destroy literally an entire country. You'd think a Galaxy Class Starship would take a chunk out of a nearby planet by comparison.

But I mean, I'm leaning towards Star Trek being somewhat more accurate, they gloss over how Warp Drive works in the Original Series, but by the time The Next Generation came about in 1987 they explained how Warp Drive works, and then we had a working theory on the Alcubierre Drive by 1994.

(Some say that this was adapted into the show based on people who knew Miguel Alcubierre and they put his unpunished theories into the show, but I don't think this was ever confirmed)

But there are volumes of Star Trek Tech manuals that base other things "kind of" around science, or at least attempt to, like the Heisenberg Compensation in the Transporters. Hence why I'm thinking they may have tried to say "Nope, 3,000m³ of Antimatter would really only be an explosion this big" as opposed to "Something as big as your hand would utterly level half of Rome" which is significantly smaller than 3,000m³

So yeah, how much antimatter would it take to level a house? A block in a city? A city entirely? Remove a chunk from a planet?

If those are still fairly small numbers, how big would the Enterprise D exploding really be? I mean like a lot of people I've looked at the "NukeMap" website and gone "Wow, the Tsar Bomb really is pretty destructive", what would the Enterprise-D crashing into a city look like by comparison?