To what extent are our philosophical and political views just the result of aesthetic preferences?
I've been thinking about this lately, and it somewhat relates to the question posed by another user regarding whether or we can "know anything" - this relates more so to whether we can honestly justify any moral or political opinion over another.

To give an example, it's pretty clear to me that reddit, seemingly more than the general population, has a predilection for socialism (or what it thinks to be socialism) over capitalism. I definitely support capitalism. Now, there is a seemingly never-ending and actively ongoing dialogue and philosophical discussion regarding various moral systems like utilitarianism, virtue ethics, etc.

It seems to me that the vast majority of people, many philosophically inclined people included, basically start with a conclusion of what, on the surface, is preferable or what topic "interests them" and then delve into that subject matter in a way that strengthens their ability to justify their initial preference. The problem here seems to me to be that unless one reads the entire corpus of philosophical thought, reconciles all outstanding issues, and arrives at the "correct" view, all moral opinion is basically just tentatively held based on partial knowledge of the arguments.

Rawls and Nozick are both respected philosophers who are both taken seriously, how can they be mutually "good and respected" while having people side with one or the other? Seemingly one would have to be categorically right and the other wrong for people to hold honest preferences. The most I've heard people say is that they "are partial to" or "favor" a certain thinker's conclusions over another, seemingly the way one might favor a piece of artwork for its aesthetic coherence and elegance over another.

At some point it seems like the vast majority of people put their stake in the sand at the start for what kind of moral philosophy they subscribe to and then simply build off of it with certain presupposed axioms.

A person arguing from the perspective of utilitarianism is seemingly untouchable by someone arguing from deontology because they just argue from different axioms - which themselves would have to be proven wrong.

As a final, partially related point, I've heard it said here that at any given point, the field of philosophy may "overwhelmingly" lean towards a certain school of thought, such as most philosophers being atheists today  but that on its own this isn't necessarily very meaningful, but just a trend. How is all moral philosophy not just a trend then? Again, unless a certain school of thought is clearly found to be "wrong" or logically unsound, how can one honestly hold one higher than another rather than just being decidedly agnostic until the "final conclusion" of philosophy is reached?

I'm sure I'm overlooking a great deal here but I'd love your inputs!