Prospects in the academic world after pursuing a PhD in philosophy.
Hi.
I'd like to start off by saying that I'm neither a philosophy undergrad, nor even college student.
I'm a student on his fifth year of high school (I'm italian, and our schooling path is apparently a year longer than the american one).
As such, thinking about a PhD seems extremely premature, and for the right reasons.
I'll try to set forth my experience with philosophy, so that (maybe) my strong feeling of anticipation will become clearer.
I first approached philosophy around 3 years ago, on my third year of high school.
Since I always had been deeply intrested in all the various questions that it poses, I fell in love with it at first sight.
I started, following the ministerial program of my high school education, by reading the greeks (Plato, Aristotle, Epicurus, etc.); then, I was introduced to the "Modern" philosophy (I also studied, before that, the scholastic - I truly enjoyed it, but I only read some extracts from Augustine and Thomas Aquinas).
From that, I started reading Decartes, Spinoza, Hume and Kant.
I also read some works of the illuministic political thinkers, such as Rousseau and Locke.
Lately, I'm trying to study formal logic, as I've been obsessed with the questions of Epistemology, but I've found myself lacking in the tools to approach them methodically.

That being said: I love philosophy, and every aspect of it, but I am heavily discouraged in choosing it as my field of study.
From every source I consulted, I recieved the same exact answer: in the academic world, the competition is strenous; and even being the best among the best doesn't guarantee anything, as most of the process to become a professor is guided by luck.
As I also enjoy (Even if not quite as much as philosophy) many other disciplines, such as Physics and Maths; and I would, even if I chose another field of study, like to work actively in research and (If I get to do it) University-level teaching; I am quite unsure on my choice.
Philisophy is wonderful, but, if I have to roll, no matter what I do, a Twelve-sided dice and hope for a specific number to make a career out of it; I'd rather choose another degree which will (Hopefully) give me a better chance to land a job in research.
Doing anything other than philosophy after getting a degree in it seems pointless to me, as the only thing I care about is devoting my life to the study of something I truly enjoy.
Since it seems like this subreddit is populated by many academic-level philosophers and philosophy graduates,
all I want to ask is: is the academic world really so harsh and bleak?
Did you see many brilliant peers fail to reach academic positions?
Would you advise anyone to get into the study of philosophy, in the hope to land a job in academia?
And, given my specific premises, what would you advise?
I understand that my question is deeply personal, and my writing truly dispersive, so it wouldn't surprise me if it got removed.
Anyways, thanks to anyone who actually took the time to read through all of this.