[DERRIDA - WRITING &amp; DIFFERENCE] Could someone please help me understand Derrida's "true literary language"? Is it an ideal?
\[PLEASE correct me if I've mistaken anything/everything\]

In the essay Force and Signification, Derrida comes to an argument for a "true literary language"; a language "referring only to itself, a sign without signification, a game or pure functioning, since it ceased to be *utilized* (emphasis his) as natural, biological or technical information, or as the transition from one existent to another, from a signifier to a signified."

I've been trying to wrap my head around it a little, wondering what a language that only refers to itself, only as a sign, could be.

I'm an undergrad taking philosophy as a minor, and I've had some exposure to Frege and Russell, so I'm thinking of it in terms of the sign, sense, and reference, which would take it as: a sign in itself, not even having a sense, and much less so, having a referent. Certainly, we can *say* things that do not refer (e.g. "the present King of France is bald"), but can we use language in a way that does not *sense*?

Derrida does write, before this part, a little on platonism/idealism. Is this "true language" an *ideal*, then? If so, what good is it for?

I mean he does make a distinction between meaning and writing/reading, to which he says, "Meaning is neither before nor after the fact", and says something like it's an *ideal* (?), where "to create (as in to read/write) is to reveal" this always-existent-platonic-ideal of meaning?

And there's a little bit after this where his justification for freeing the sign from the signification is the "emancipation of meaning" and "protecting the internal truth and meaning of the work". ("Internal truth and meaning" here also being that ideal thing?)

Referencing Writing and Difference, pub. Routledge Classics 2001.

Also, any study guides for Derrida would be IMMENSELY useful. This is personal reading, not schoolwork, if that matters.

Thank you!  


Edit: Thank you all for the replies. It appears I'm on a different time zone than everyone, so do bear with the late replies!