I am a tech idiot. What should I do?
Hi,   
So basically, I am extremely bad at technology (or maybe I exaggerate it rn), but for some reason, I lacked the wisdom to avoid technology altogether or choose humanities as my profession/area of study. I graduated from Interior Design program, and can get my way around some of the tools, although even if I know the program/software quite well, it's always a stress at work, because I'd always get nitpicked for now inefficiently I use CPU and RAM, how big my files are, how slow my computers are, how slowly I work, or the fact that I'm not aware of a particular feature in a software, and never used it before...   
It should be normal and logical.. No one knows the entire software a to z, and there're plenty of tutorials out there.. And I didn't graduate from computer science, so I shouldn't measure up to them, or be set similar expectations to.. But I guess the world is more difficult than that, and I already got fired a couple of times. That left me traumatized, and fearful or working in the office.   


Another thing, whenever something is acting up, or there's a glitch, or I need to trouble-shoot it, I can't deal with it on my own. That also triggers some annoyance in my management, as I guess I should be able to set up my own workstation and all the peripherals.   


Right now I'm at school. I'm taking Post-Production, and my concern is that my job will eventually entail some technological literacy, outside of knowing how to use software... This makes me panic, as I don't know how to educate myself in this regard. I don't have a natural interest or insight as to how things work. I don't know where to look for a systemized course that would provide me with a critical scope (aka survival kit) of knowledge needed for tech professionals that are not programmers per se. I can't put those building blocks by myself, and browsing random information makes me even more anxious about the whole thing.   


Is there anything you would suggest? Any particular courses? I'm not as though I don't know how to use Microsoft Office, but as I said, when something goes out of order, I don't know how to deal with it AND I don't know how to work efficiently when it comes to technology.   


To make it even worse, I regularly break my devices and my computers don't last long.   


Thank you!