My husband [32M] is drinking with an underage girl on a work trip?
I don’t know how to feel or what to do about this situation and need advice. Am I overreacting? My husband has been on a work related trip for over two weeks now. He has been miserable the entire time; he spends his time either working (for just a few hours a day), and the rest of his time, holed up in his hotel room FaceTiming me. The town he is in is in the middle of nowhere and he does not personally know anyone there. 

Tonight, someone he’s worked with a couple times asked him if he wanted to hang out today and my husband was really excited about it. The guy [30’sM] came to his hotel room, and brought his girlfriend. Apparently, his girlfriend is 19 and underage (drinking age is 21 here). They’ve been drinking in his hotel room all evening and now, at almost 1 am, my husband finally calls me and catches me up on what he’s been doing. I feel really weird about it, to be honest. I didn’t want to cause a scene while he was still with them (he stepped outside to call me) that I am feeling really uncomfortable that he’s drinking with a minor in his hotel room. Is this not inappropriate? Am I overreacting? I plan on telling him how I feel tomorrow but wanted advice first. Thank you.

Also to add, this is not the first time Ive been upset at a situation like this. If you look at my posting history, you’ll find from a couple years ago how he ditched me to play beer pong with teenage drinkers on a vacation once, so… not the first time I guess.

Edit: so I ended up talking to him about it that night via text because my husband asked me what was wrong. I told him I know it’s not his fault but I am uncomfortable with it. He just got defensive over it then stopped replying. I’m really annoyed. Considering what when down the last time this happened (see my post history), I’m not feeling great. 

Called him this morning (approx 9:30) and he’s at breakfast with them… now I am paranoid they slept over in his room or some shit. The guy who he was hanging out with lives there so it’s not like he has a room in the same hotel or anything.

New edit: now they’re all going to a beach together… so my husband is going to the beach with a teenage girl and who knows who else. Y’all I need sense talked into me