Gropped by Radiologist during a Thyroid biposy. What can I do?
I'm looking for help on how to deal with this situation now that I've processed it more fully. 

I had a thyroid biposy last week, and they had me change into a gown but the nurse said I could keep all bottoms on and my bra on. So I did. 

The radiologist put a sanitary paper on my abdomen when I was flat on my back in a gown, and he smoothed the paper out with his hands and glided his hand fully over my left breast. It wasn't a slight accidental slight boob graze, it was my entire breast from top to bottom. 

Immediately after that he grabbed the paper and stuffed it down the front of the gown and tucked it into my bra. It wasn't a slight tuck into the top of the gown, hands were in there and I immediately moved my hands to the area to remove his and he did but nothing was said. I started saying something and he immediately talked over me loudly, I never got any words out about it. I hate to say it but I have a history of abuse and I froze besides removing his hands. This is a normal response from an abuse survivor looking back I wish I did something like yell out. But, I didn't. Frankly, I'm embarrassed. But, I know it wasn't my fault. I was wearing a padded bra which I'm now grateful for because some part of me feels that he didn't run his hand across my entire breast, it was bra. Which, I know I'm trying to justify to make myself feel better. It wasn't a fast glide like how you would smooth out a wrinkle in fabric it was much slower like the speed you would pet a cat. 

He also made a comment about the biposy being easy because of my long beautiful neck and he was glad he wasn't doing a biposy on a big fat guys neck. 

A thyroid biopsy shouldn't have involved my breasts at any point it's not even in the same area. 

The nurse was in the room, but I'm not sure if she saw anything or was looking the other way ect. I was flat on my back and only had the view of a ceiling. Frankly, I don't know the nurses name and I only know the radiologist name because of the note that popped up in my medical chart afterwards. 


I told my SO what happened which was hard for me to do. And his response was less than ideal. It was more of an "I've had that stuff like that happen at the dentist". After I explained more and he realized I wasn't partially sitting up and couldn't of been an accident it was more of an "I don't think there is anything you can do". I didn't fully describe it to him because I didn't want to describe it further. Which begs the question, what the fuck can I do? I feel violated and embarrassed. I don't think it was an accident. I want to stand up for myself and possibly any other women in the future but I'm afraid for the confrontation, and the possibility to be discriminated against and to get shit medical care from here on out. 

Should also be noted that he looked like he was near retirement age and it was talked about how experienced he was by the nurse ect. I didn't learn much about him, he did mention a recent divorce though and his ex wife when the nurse and him were talking about Christmas plans.