NSFW I'm not even comfortable allowing my boyfriend to do anything sexually for me anymore. This is ruined my self esteem and my sex life and relationship.
23F/27M 

TL;DR: Boyfriend of a year and a half left me amazed the first two times we had sex. After that he stopped trying to satisfy me at all and sex became 30 seconds and done. It took months of me begging and he finally started offering/trying to rub my clit but now that he's trying I can't accept it. My reason is because I know he doesn't want to and doesn't enjoy or care about it, so it makes me feel rapey in a way. Plus what's a bigger turn off than sex with someone who's not interested? I'm in desperate need of advice because this has ruined my self esteem and I want a normal sex life. How do I let go of "he doesn't really want to be doing this" when we end up getting sexual? How do I let go of the past completely and enjoy sex with my boyfriend again?

So, like the TL;DR said, but added details here. 

I'd like to begin this by saying, please don't immediately tell me to break up because I want to TRY to get over my side of this before I break it off. I need advice on that. 

We've talked about the issue numerous times. It took a long time for him to actually put in a little effort again. Sex was him crawling on top of me, taking off my clothes and sticking it in for 30 seconds, done. We have sex 3-4 times a week. 

 In the beginning I'd mention it and he'd be like "OKAY! What do you want me to do." (So hot, amirite?) I also need to re-mention that the first two times we had sex, he made me cum multiple times in one session, something I had never experienced before. He definitely knows how and knows what to do.

Finally he started expressing that he wanted to make me cum again. But when he'd start reaching down to rub me or whatever, I didn't want him to do it. Why? Because in the past he's told me, for example, he thinks eating pussy is gross. I said "You think vagina is gross unless your dick is going inside it." And he didn't deny it. 

Not only that, but if he actually wanted to and enjoyed doing it, he would have done it without me begging him for ages to make moves to satisfy me sexually also. 

My self esteem is trashed, I feel like a sex doll or a prostitute who doesn't get paid. Why am I not worth the effort? I'm not comfortable doing anything else sexually anymore, my boyfriend is not kinky and sticks to missionary/doggy style for every session, never wants to try new things, never offers anything except the usual 30 seconds of boring fucking sex. I went to a sex shop for a vibrator and saw a couple in there browsing... instant jealousy, punch in the gut feeling, thinking about my own sex life at home. 

I've tried doing the thing where you start giving more in hopes they'll notice and return the favor. It did not work. It left me feeling like I was kissing someone's feet for nothing in return every time. 

I'm literally having dreams about my exes lately. I used to dream about my boyfriend and I don't anymore. I found myself fantasizing about returning to an ex who loved satisfying me, made me feel comfortable in my skin and expressed that he loved getting me off as much as he enjoyed getting off himself. 

I know it sounds like I just need to leave. But I truly love this guy. I'm pretty sure he loves me, but is selfish and self-centered. I want to fix it and if it doesn't get fixed, I will leave. 

In the meantime, how do I take what I want out of sex? How do I let go of "he doesn't really want to be doing this" when we end up getting sexual? How do I let go of the past completely and enjoy sex with my boyfriend again?