When are physical acts of frustration/anger like throwing small things and punching walls an indication to end a relationship?
When are physical acts (throwing small things and punching walls) of frustration/anger something worth ending a relationship over?

I saw a question today asking what constitutes as scary behavior, and having a bad temper was definitely on there. Recently, my bf of almost 1 year punched a wall and sloshed water over me by accident (he was trying to throw it at the wall) because he was super frustrated at something unrelated to me. 

He’s 20, I’m 20. We’re both young and love each other very much. Other than the temper, which has never been directed at me or triggered by me, we are very happy together and he treats me well. 
 
Last time he threw something small, I got upset because it had happened maybe 2-3x before in the past couple months and I had already told him it scared me. He told me that being scared was my reaction and I didn’t need to be because he would never hurt me or anyone else. He then also said he doesn’t really like that he has to take care of me when he’s the one that was frustrated in the first place. I told him I would take care of him if he was frustrated and didn’t do anything physical. This is my first serious relationship and I had some trouble communicating clearly so I just asked him to please try hard to control it and let it go. 

This time it was different since the water splashed on me. I waited a day or two and then had a long discussion w/ him about it. I told him that if he didn’t seek help and punched/threw something in front of me again the relationship would be over — I didn’t want to do an ultimatum but it was a massive problem for me and it seemed he didn’t think it was a problem bc he didn’t seek help for it, but also said it was very difficult to control when I asked him why he did it even though he knew I would be scared. He also apologized that I was scared, which I told him was not what he should’ve been apologizing for. 

I’m really not sure what to do, as all my friends are quite concerned but I love this man a lot and it seems like he finally understands the importance of this now that I’ve given an ultimatum. Does anyone have any advice or experience w/ something like this? Thanks so much.