How do I (M28) decide if she (F26) is worth losing my family?
Hi everyone. 

I (M28) have been dating my gf (F26) for two years. We are from two completely different cultures and speak fully different native languages but we talk to each other in English. We love each other (I think I love her, I say it often enough don't I) and have decent communication. However, I am starting to feel that the cultural, religious, and language differences are making me reconsider wanting to be with her forever.

First, I come from a very traditional, conservative family. I am super close to all my family members and they're fantastic, but I know that they will not approve of this marriage without a gift, and even after that, they will never fully accept us and will probably consider her as somewhat lesser. Her values are completely different from my family's. In addition, my family really values joining with another family after marriage and she is an orphan and only has some distant family which will make things very very difficult. My family will be very derogatory towards her, and even though I will fight for her and for respect for her and me, I just know how taxing this will be on all of us. I also don't want to just abandon my family or lose connection with them. I have spoken to my family and they have already said that it's them or her. That's an overreaction certainly but within that there's also some truth in that she'll never be seen as the right choice by them. 

Second, I am semi religious while she is quite anti religion. My family is very orthodox and would want her to convert and participate in the religion but I know this is not something she will be comfortable with. It feels like another wedge that will forever divide us and it is a very sensitive topic. I often don't feel like I can fully express myself for fear of offending her opinions on religion and I think she feels similarly. We have similar beliefs about spirituality but she is against tradition.

Third, I am not fully comfortable speaking English. I'm quite fluent but it is not my first language and I never imagined speaking in English with my future wife and kids. She has made valiant attempts at learning my language, and I hers, but it is very difficult and does not really seem practical. I also feel like we spend a majority of our time explaining each others cultures and languages and that's not really something I want to do forever. Speaking in English with her to me feels like touching her with gloves on. I feel like I can't fully be myself with her and it's probably the same for her.

These three reasons have been bouncing around in my brain, and while I absolutely enjoy spending time with her and love all of the beautiful memories we've made together, I'm really starting to have strong doubts about the long-term potentials for this marriage. Especially if we were going to get really married one day and have little children. 

I love her, I think, but I don't know if I can marry her. I don't know if I will be depressed forever and always be trying to prove ourselves to my family. I don't know if that's a really a life worth living when I can make a choice to suffer heartbreak today in hopes of finding a more perfect Union in the future that doesn't involve sacrificing a major part of my identity.

I also don't know if I'm dragging her into something that will bring her a lot of pain and suffering just by having to always argue and fight for equal acceptance. I feel she can do so much better and deserves a family that will love and cherish her, not look down on her and ask that she prove her worth so they provide conditional love and acceptance. It makes me really sad knowing what lies ahead.

I just don't know if it's worth all this. I would love some advice from this group and from women who have been through such situations. How do I decide? What's the criteria? What do I even say or do? I'm so lost. 

Tl;Dr: gf and I come from totally different cultures and have to fight with my family for us to be accepted and I don't know if it's worth all the suffering.

Thanks so much.


UPDATE: thank you all for your insights, perspectives, and kind words. I have some more clarity now and I'm better able to formulate this conversation with my family and my gf. I'm genuinely grateful for all the discussion because I'm able to think many more perspectives now and it's better than listening my own voice inside my head. If I have offended anyone, I am truly very sorry. 
Thank you for the award! I'm new to Reddit so idk what three awards means but I appreciate the sentiment - thanks so much.