Is he (male 22) grooming me (female 17) or am I just insecure?
Hello,

I am not sure if this is the right subreddit to post in but I didn't seem to find a more fitting one.

I (F17) have been together with him (M22) for 2 years now. We met online and met in real life when my parents were away for vacation at my home. Afterwards I know this was very stupid and I would never do it again, but that is also why I am even more glad it was him and not someone else. He didn't do anything and we just cuddled and talked. 

I tried to get him to know my parents but when I told my parents I know someone and I would like to introduce him to them, they asked where he lived and how old he was. I was honest and they immediately said no. I was taken aback. He started to rent an Airbnb whenever he visited and I went there.

Whenever I went to him, everything intimate was started by me, not him. However, whenever I got insecure and anxious, we would immediately stop and just cuddle and watch movies. He never forced anything intimate on me.

Whenever I am sad he always cheers me up by spending time together and sometimes also gifts when he has some spare money. He always tries his best to make me happy (I have depression) and help me the best way he can.

I lost a group of friends due to that relationship. A majority of them thought he is a pedophile and grooming me and at that time I didn't consider it and left them.

He visits again in January and I will sleep over. We are talking about sex. It comes from me especially, since I really want to experience it because I was sexually harassed when I was young and I want to experience how it is with someone you love. However, he always reassures me that even if I feel just a slight discomfort, we will stop.

I am pretty sure this does not fall under grooming. But maybe I am in the wrong. He is the most kind person I have ever met. He always makes sure I feel comfortable and whenever I get anxious he calms me down.

Is it just my insecurities or is he actually grooming me?

TL;DR: Is he (M22) grooming me (F17), even though he has shown nothing but kindness and patience?

Edit: I will probably read but not respond to any more comments. I went through some forums in my country (Germany) with the exact same topic (as an example: he is 20 I am 15, is that okay) and the majority said what is more important is that the partners are mature enough, what I feel like is the case here. Nonetheless, I appreciate everyone who put some mind into their comments. I will make sure to tell my IRL friends and stay in contact with them. My parents are unfortunately not an option, we don't have a good relationship. But whenever something should happen I have my IRL friends where I can go to. And I will not let him cut them out of my life. In fact, if he will try to cut me from any contact, I will leave him. I will hold back about the intimacy though, because I got anxious. He does not have a problem with that and will not force me. I will try to prevent him taking control over my life and stay as close but also separate as possible, so I can grow mature on my own. I do not want to end this relationship, as I stated in sever comments, he treated me better in 2 years than my parents ever did. I will keep a close eye on him and read and learn about how a healthy relationship should look like. It is his first relationship, too. If he starts to show any signs I will immediately cut contact. I am sorry if I will concern anyone with this. I thought it was okay. Now that I thought about it, it is really creepy to be together with a 15 year old as a 20 year old. But once we are older nobody will care.

To add to the maturity, I started to mature at a very young age. I feel more comfortable with older people and have struggles to socialize with people my age or under my age. This goes to both men and women.