I’m super uncomfortable at work and need some advice on how to fix it. I’m a 19yr old female and the man is in his 30s
So I’m currently working as an office assistant and my boss is usually not in the office. Last week when I was there alone one of our guys came in while I was playing a game on my laptop (my boss pays me to be in the office so when their is no work to be done they let me just hangout as long as I answer calls still) when the guy came in he pretended to type on my computer as a joke, then he reached over to the heater near me and put his hands in front of it then touched my leg, at first I didn’t think anything of it however, he then started rubbing my back while I was playing my game. He also grabbed my shoulder at one point and it just made me feel super uncomfortable. He was now off work but continued to stay in the office with me to do that. I started to feel really anxious but I couldn’t say anything, I was scared that I was just making it up, that I was exaggerating, but it really freaked me out being alone in the room with him….

Turns out he also flirted with the girl who worked their before me so it doesn’t seem like I’m just making this feeling up.

Flash forward to today. I was sitting in the office at my computer and he comes in and scared me, this is nothing new he always comes in and scares us to joke around. But then he came over to my desk and started rubbing my shoulders, I didn’t know what to do so I just went with it. Luckily he had to leave for  another job so he didn’t stay very long. 
He then comes in again at the end of the day ( 30 minutes ago) and he does it again. He just kept rubbing my shoulders quietly. ( he’s Hispanic and has a hard time with English which may be why he wasn’t talking but it still was really uncomfortable) I tried to talk and maybe make him stop by mentioning his wife and asking how she was doing and how long they had been married. He didn’t take the hint tho and his tone almost seemed annoyed by me asking. He ended up not stopping so I got up and told him I have a appoint me to go to so he would stop and now I’m here sitting in a parking lot feeling confused… am I over reacting? What should I do?

Edit: he’s always been a super nice guy so I was surprised he would do this. That’s one of the reason I doubt myself in this situation😕

Edit2: I talked to my boss earlier today and they are going to take care of it. They also apologized that I even had to deal with it. Thank you all for looking out for me and reminding my that this is my body and I have every right to decide what my boundaries are.❤️❤️❤️ you all have helped so much.❤️