Tinder guy was 3 hours late to our FIRST date? Im not sure what happened?
Here's some context, and please be brutally honest with me. 20 year old female here, the guy in question is 23.

 I met this dude on tinder maybe a week ago, and we really hit off. We were face timing for hours almost every night, chatting over snap constantly and we just seemed to connect really well. Once we finally set the date to meet up, I actually felt super optimistic about it.

 The plan was to meet at a local bookstore at around 11am the following Sunday (yesterday). He texted me around 9am to tell me he wasnt feeling well and that he wanted to get a covid test done first. I didn't object, and a while later he lets me know that the test came back negative and that he was going to eat and shower real quick and then be over.

It was 12pm by this point and I had just arrived at the store (which is 25 minutes away from me and 10 from him). I snuggled down to read a book while I waited, and I hadn't told him I was there because I didn't want to pressure him. Around 1 I get a text saying he just finished eating and that NOW he's going to take a shower - and I also let him know that I was already there and had been for a little while. I was kind of annoyed by this point but I let it go, I didn't want to be dramatic. Then 2:15pm comes along and he says he's just cleaning off his car - which makes no sense because he went out to get the covid test a couple hours earlier and it hadn't snowed since then. So did he lie about the test?

 I told myself that if he wasnt there by 2:30, I was going to leave. He lives 10 minutes away so that should've been reasonable. Anyway, I got another text around 2:20 saying he left and that he's on the way. By that point I was no longer nervous or excited, I just wanted to go home. So I put my book away and went to leave but he walked in just as I was about to. We stayed and hung out for a couple hours but I really wasnt as interested, being that I felt like I was already putting in more effort than he was and I hate that. 

 My question is... What the hell happened? He seemed so enthusiastic and interested before the meet up, so why did it go so sideways the day of? The ask men subreddit said that the guy is probably cheating on somebody but like I said, we've been facetiming and talking constantly since we matched on tinder, he lives with his parents and I didnt see an indicatiom that he had a partner. He was checking his phone a lot while we were haging out but?? Jesus guys, help a woman out. Im so sick of men acting hyped up to meet me, just for me to put in most of the effort to show up and have them either bail last minute or be wildly late.