I need tips on how to increase my sex drive ! Contraception + being in a relationship has killed it
Hello !

I'm 23f and with my bf 25m of 9 months. I'm very happy with him, including sexually. He takes amazing care of me and always takes the time to make me climax even if it has to take a whole hour. I'm very in love but... My sex drive has been getting lower and lower.

When I'm single, I'm usually pretty horny on a regular basis and I used to masturbate around once every 2 days. When we first got together he had sex every day but it has been diminishing down to around once a week, sometimes up to 3 but that's rare. 
(I wish to add, once a week is not specificaly low, I know it's pretty close to normal, but it digs quite the gap between me and my boyfriend)

He has a high sew drive and is pretty much down for trouble all the time. He keeps complimenting my looks and saying he thinks about me naked all the time. He's incredibly sweet and is never ever pushy, doesn't cross lines and understands when I'm not in the mood without needing me to directly reject him. I love him so much. And when we do have sex he usualy prioritizes me. 

Despite me having all the freedom to reject sex and him never complaining, I realize that this, in a long term perspective, can become damaging for us. I see us a pretty incompatible in these terms, and since he's making the effort of letting me reject sex as much as I want and never asking more, I want to find solutions to awake that flame again. 

Do no worry as all of this is entirely my choice. I have told this to my bf already and he told me that I don't need to do any of it and he will never be an ass about it. I love that he tries so hard for me, but I know that sexual rejection does end up hurting in the long run. So he's just choosing to not voice it, which is great, but that doesn't mean he isn't bothered.


Are there healthy ways to nurture sexual desire and eventually grow more of it in the long run ? I'm don't ever want to force myself. I have already come close to that and I just don't want to do it again. Sex is just not really in my mind, and my body doesn't feel like it wants it. What are some good and effective ways to grow more sexual desire ?

(For context, I have an implant, which has been known to reduce libido. But this seems to be a pattern with me where I just lose sexual desire after a few months of relationship)

Thanks !

EDIT : After reading more about hormonal contraceptives and asking my friends about their experience, I've gotten pretty convinced that my implant might be f*cking me up. I do have the classic mental health issues usually caused by it, so I have decided to get it removed next month, see what changes I might feel in 2 weeks, and then decide whether I want another implant or switch to copper IUD (which has an effectiveness of over 99% according to the world's health organization). Thanks everyone for the suggestions :)