My wife (33) and I (34M) have hit rock bottom. I am lost and any help/advice is greatly appreciated.
My wife and I have been married for 3 years. We have two beautiful daughters the oldest is 3 years old and the youngest is 18 months. At first I didn’t believe in marriage, mostly because my folks got married and it didn’t work out. Plus growing up all my friends parents weren’t together so in my mind I thought it was only natural that marriage didn’t last. After believing in my wife and myself, believing in the potential we have as a couple, a team. Know I got we can get through anything I decided to marry her. 
 My wife and I have been friends since 2010 and really started taking each other seriously around 2016. From 2016-2020 we’ve had our ups and downs like any relationship and mostly prevailed through the bad to seek compromise. In Dec of 2020 I made the biggest mistake of my life and spat in my wife’s face during an argument. Since then our marriage has declined. She says she forgives me but she doesn’t forget. I know my wife and I know she will hold a grudge until she is dead or it’s wiped from her memory. 
  I recently enlisted into the army to give my family more security and benefits. Also there are tons of opportunities not only for myself but for my wife too. But to come home and find out she has been cheating on me with another man. Bringing him in our home, around our kids. She told me she feels embarrassed and is sorry and just wants to work on our marriage. The other day I booked a marriage consulour only for her to decline the invitation. Now all she says is that I need the session more than we do. I know she is still seeing this other man and I keep supporting her into seeing him. Like letting her use the car, only to find out she went to go see him. Doing things for her only to find out she gives it to this other dude. 
I am lost and I know I have to pay for my sins. I know I have to accept the consequences of what I did last year but isn’t there a line. When do I stop. She knows I love her unconditionally. I don’t wanna be with anyone else. I don’t want our family to be another statistic. What should I do? What should we do?