I saw my dad suffering in the ICU and I can't get those images out of my head
I hope this doesn't get deleted by the mods because I really need help and support and my therapy session is 10 days away.

My dad (76M) had covid and has been in the ICU on a vent for 3 weeks. He is now covid negative so he's been moved from the covid ICU to the regular ICU which is why I (23F) was allowed to visit him. There's still significant damage to his lungs which is why he's still on a vent, but he isn't sedated anymore. There's some chance of recovery but it's very slim.

I visited him yesterday and it was the most horrifying thing I've ever witnessed. He's too weak to move, his lips, mouth and tongue are full of wounds because his mouth is open all the time. He didn't react at all for the first 5 minutes and then he somehow realized what was happening and who was there and started crying and moving his jaw to try to say something which was of course impossible. After that he just tracked me with his eyes for the rest of my visit.

I know someone is going to ask so: he was too lazy to get vaccinated even when we offered to take him repeatedly. He wasn't antivax, he would just say he doesn't wanna go today and he'll go some other time. Please don't be assholes and post comments like he deserved it because of that.

I feel so bad for him. He has always been my favorite family member, actually the only family member I have a good relationship with, he was strong and healthy, extremely agile for his age and had no signs of dementia. And now he has to suffer like this because of something that could've been prevented. I feel so guilty for not making him get the vaccine even though 30% of daily deaths in my country are fully vaccinated people so it doesn't mean it would help. I feel so guilty for not forcing him to leave the house and go to a hotel when my vaccinated mother got covid. Now he has to suffer, unable to move or speak or do anything except for thinking about what's going to happen to him and he has to go through all that alone.

Images of him suffering are in front of my eyes constantly since I saw him. I feel like throwing up all the time, couldn't sleep at all and can't do anything. I missed over a month of uni and I have some deadlines literally tomorrow but I can't deal with those things right now. Whatever happens I have to find a way to function but it was hard even before I saw him and now it's just impossible. I don't want him to suffer and I don't want him to die and I don't know what to do.

What can I do? How can I deal with this? I have an appointment with a therapist on Dec 10 and I'd like to find a way to deal with this before that because I'm going to go crazy until then.