My new work situation is straining my 5 year relationship with boyfriend
Warning: book ahead haha. I (30F) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (31M) for over 5 years now. I recently got a new job that pays very well and decided to continue with my previous business in order to make more money to put away for retirement as I was not very fiscally responsible in my early 20's. With just my new job I would still be making over 25% more than my boyfriend, who is very unhappy at his own job and complains incessantly although he never does anything to change his situation. 

Since starting my new job my hours have changed to where I'll aim to wake up around 5:30 or so and workout before working my day job from 8am-5pm. After that, I'll teach lessons with my side business until around 7-8pm (which I really enjoy and am good at!). I also have been teaching lessons on Saturday mornings. It is worth mentioning that all of this is pretty much exclusively done from home, except for traveling a short distance to lessons 3 days a week. Before I got this job, I would only teach early in the afternoons, starting around 2pm and ending around the same time (7-8pm). My boyfriend's schedule is M-F 9-5:30 and he works from home.

I asked my boyfriend before I started how he would feel if I made more money than him and he said that he would be fine with it, but recently he's been saying things that make me feel like he actually isn't - even though he has not come out and said it. For instance, he's said that continuing to teach was "unnecessary" and that it was "infringing on the time we spend together" (even though I'm still ending my day at the same time). He's also said that because of me taking on both gigs I'm neglecting other aspects of our life, like our dog and the house that we bought together earlier this year.

He does suffer from a high level of anxiety but refuses any sort of therapy or the consideration of medication. He also drinks quite a lot at any given day of the week and is heavily hungover at least once weekly. I had to make his vaccination appointment for him as his job required it and he will not make his own appointment for a dentist even though he hasn't been in years (it is desperately needed). I also take on the majority of the housework as well as cooking/cleaning, which I have kept up despite my new schedule change. He will get frustrated if I ask him more than once to bring in the trash can. 

His anxiety keeps him up at night and he subsequently keeps me up so that I have been missing my early alarm and end up getting up at 7 right before work. Even though the alarm makes no sound (it simulates a sunrise) and I place it on the ground on my side of the bed so the light doesn't shine directly at him, he complains that I wake him up. He also complains about me going to bed earlier (around 10pm).

I am getting frustrated and upset because I feel like he is not letting me live my life even though I've been trying not to let it affect him (hence the early wakeup and not late night workouts) and I'm starting to worry that our goals and values don't align anymore. I know I've enabled him during the time we've been together and there have been many shitty things he's done over the years that are difficult to forget, especially during bad times. There are loads more details that I haven't included, but for the sake of the initial post I'll wrap it up here. I suppose I'm just looking for a sounding board or some sort of impartial advice. Thank you so much in advance! :)