When a guy is too nice… and you get that ICK feeling? Has anyone ditched the bad boy and gone for the good guy? Advice needed!!
Okay… so emotionally unavailable guys (avoidant types) are my kryptonite. After years (28F) and a more recent bad break up, I’ve realized this ugly pattern.

Here’s my simplified summary - I’m into the brooding, “mysterious” and complex guys. That feeling of fixing someone. The idea of proving myself and winning their affection.

I’ve had long term relationships in the past and these were relatively basic experiences. I don’t seek out bad partners, but I do gravitate towards a challenge these days.

I’m telling friends I want to settle down (i.e. start a family, have kids, etc.) and one of my friends said that my choice in men isn’t aligning with that.

I find it hard to see an emotionally available guy.. who’s nice to me, texts or calls right away.. sets the next date and so on, as interesting and exciting. It lacks that hot and cold dance I’m so used to.

I met someone who holds doors open, wants to pay my bill, get to know me and generally just adores me. I’m VERY uncomfortable. He’s attractive and nice but I find myself looking for an issue - he’s too eager or too nice?

I feel the ICK! I don’t know if it’s because there’s something subconsciously, about this person as a perspective partner… or if this my own internal struggle.

For context, I’ve done therapy. I lost my parents a few years ago and I’ve done a lot of self care things like therapy. I’m able to call myself out for a lot of my behavior and actions - I hold myself accountable.

So Reddit… I’m seeking advice. From anyone who’s experienced a propensity for the “bad boy”. Or anyone who’s not been attracted to the nice guy…. Or anyone who took a chance and stayed with the nice guy?!

I don’t want to waste this guys time, but I also don’t want to let a good thing go because I’m scared of something real (i.e. the commitment). Consciously I want a relationship, but I keep choosing bad guys who aren’t serious or stable.