Is this worth breaking up over? Any comments would be appreciated
I (17F) have been with my boyfriend (16M) for three months now and thought things were going great. We have such good times together when we hang out and I don’t feel awkward around like him like I have felt with previous guys. However, I’ve recently caught him lying about some questionable things.

So, when we were in the talking stage and getting to know each other and becoming close, he told me how one of his best friends supposedly got led on then rejected by this girl that I used to be good friends with back in elementary and middle school because “she’s a lesbian but never told him until he asked her out”. He then told me that his best friend and the girl “despise” each other and went out to call her all these terrible names but from his “friend’s point of view”. My bf also has this girl on snap and she’s his #1 best friend on there. Even though I hadn’t seen or spoken to this girl in awhile, I know for a fact that she would never lead someone on and that she wasn’t all those names that my bf’s friend supposedly “called her.”

Recently, my boyfriend’s other friend texted me to ask me what he could get his gf for Christmas, because I also coincidentally know his gf and am friends with her. Randomly, he brought up the fact that my bf  actually got rejected by the girl that my bf was talking about to me all those months ago. I was so confused bc my bf said it was his friend who got rejected by her, not him. I just don’t know why he would lie about that.

Also, my friend who is dating the boy who texted me above has access to their friend group’s group chat on snap. She proceeded to tell me some questionable things that were said about me in there. Apparently, my bf has been lying about sexual things we have done and saying I’m not good at them. We’ve only been together three months and haven’t gotten to that point yet, so I was disgusted by what he was saying about me to them. He also promised me that even if we did get to that point, he wouldn’t tell them anything because he knows I’m a very private person, especially about that type of stuff. I also happen to go to school w/ one of his friend in the group chat, so it’s especially embarrassing when I have to see him in class now.

Any thoughts on what I should do?

TLDR: Conflicted if I should break up w/ bf or not; he lies about questionable things