Advice, Please! Life Threw Me a Curveball and I'm Scared for my Future
From the time I was eighteen until quite recently (I'm thirty-three now), I was confidently on track to become some kind of academic in the field of English. I won a bunch of essay awards in undergrad, I kicked ass in my master's program, and got myself into a pretty highly ranked PhD program. I wasn't going to revolutionize the discipline or anything, but at the very *worst* I would probably have gotten a cushy community college job--not one of those adjunct nightmares. Things were going to be okay.

And then I got a disease that wrecked my life. I caught mononucleosis heading into my third year in the program and it either a) attacked my nervous system, b) is still active in my nervous system, or c) caused my immune system to start attacking my nervous system. I seem to have some version of what used to be called chronic fatigue syndrome, though with some additional symptoms. The disease was worst during the first two years after onset, but it seems to have mellowed out somewhat. I'm now in my seventh year in the program, but it's basically an open secret at this point that I've only been here the past year or two to ride out the pandemic and to use the health insurance to get (mostly ineffective) treatments. My symptoms have cleared up enough that I could work a day job, but I can't spend twelve consecutive hours researching the way I used to, so there's no question of finishing my dissertation now. I simply can't do it anymore.

So: I'm going to be applying to jobs I never thought I'd work in while having to explain what I did for seven years in a PhD program without taking a degree. I have faith in the skills learned in the course of an English degree, and I see all these articles about employers valuing "soft skills" and people trained in the humanities, but my fear is that I'll just look like a failure.

Here's what I have going for me:

\-4.0's in my MA and PhD programs, lots of awards, some presentations, even a publication--stuff that shows I had drive and talent

\-I worked enough in customer service to move up slightly at a past job (World Market, but still)

\-I was an office manager at my dad's business for a while, which basically made me a combination HR, payroll, accountant, debt collector--there's nothing I didn't do

\-I am willing to move literally anywhere

I keep flitting back and forth between thinking I'll be just fine and thinking I'll be one of those degree holders who can't get hired because he's not attractive to salary jobs and seems overqualified for hourly wage jobs. I don't have family to fall back on anymore.

I'm willing to work basically any office type job--but I don't know what to apply to. I've got a butt load of student loans so, while I don't need to be rich, I would like to be able to afford an apartment alone and to pay back those loans without having to eat cat food. What kind of jobs do you think I should apply to? What would you do if you were me?