Feeling hopeless that I won't find a career that I will enjoy
I'm currently 19 years old making $17/hr as an Assistant Manager at a fast food place. I have been there for 3 1/2 years and feel meh about the job, love the people but the work isn't that rewarding or exciting. The GM of the store is my sister so I have it very easy. Our sister location is expanding to a new location where I can get a pay increase to around $20/hr within the next few months. And while that pay will be nice I feel as though I'm not going to gain anything and need to work towards a career. That's where the problem arises. 

I have very high hopes for myself and am ambitious, but I don't act on it. Whether I am lazy or doubt myself I don't know. There are only two main interests I have, technology and personal finance. My struggle is whether I have a deep enough passion to pursue these as careers and whether there are careers that will suit me.  

 This past year I have been getting really into personal finance. Tracking all my spending, saving and investing every penny I don't spend, and getting into learning and maximizing the usage of credit cards. The idea of investing my money, earning passive income and building my wealth through leveraging my money seems very exciting and rewarding, but my lack of motivation or self doubt prevents me from exploring this area. I preach to my coworkers the importance of personal finance and have strong feelings towards it, that's where I stand with my interest in personal finance. 

Technology is something that has interested me for years. I would watch phone reviews and teardown videos, PC building videos and other tech reviews in my free time because I enjoyed watching them and found it very interesting. I built my own computer a few years back and recently helped a family member upgrade their existing computer. I've looked into IT but it seems as though a lot of the majority of those jobs are coding/programming based which I know I'll hate. The lack of options for hardware based careers that pay well makes me realize IT might not be for me. 

My main struggle is finding a job I'll both love and make good money with. I refuse to fall into the trap of being miserable and living my life to clock out. I also have the fear of not being able to support myself financially. I am very financially responsible with quite a bit of money in savings along with money invested in some common ETFs along with a ROTH IRA. Despite this I feel as though I need a six figure income to feel safe and secure with myself. I live in Northeast Ohio, not a high cost of living area. This is where my career concerns lie. I want both a high paying job, but also a job I love going to and something that will satisfy me. I feel as though I have so few options due to my lack of many interests and my unwillingness to go to college due to the money pit that it appears to be. I fear I will fall into the trap of being miserable and having a job I hate. While I am not looking for exact career options, any advice is welcomed.