Switching industries to oil &amp; gas sector, need advice
I've been an IT consultant for a few companies during the past decade. Most of them were in heavy machinery. It's a challenging and high-pressure job, but I love it. I would never change my specialty for anything, no matter how many sleepless nights I have to spend at work before the deadline. I love brainstorming and giving my clients the best possible solutions on the market.

Currently, I work at an IT company offering SaaS for large metallurgical plants. My brother-in-law was recently promoted in his company that offers [digital oil &amp; gas solutions](https://www.digitaloilandgas.solutions/). Right now, he's convincing me to switch and work for them. It involves moving south, which I'm not a fan of. On the other hand, he's always been like a brother to me, and my wife is excited about this opportunity. She'll be able to visit her family very often, which I don't mind since her relatives are among the sane people living in the south.

The problem is that this is an entirely new field for me, as I have a very vague notion about digitalization in the gas and oil industry. I know I'm a good consultant, I believe in my strengths, but this can be challenging for me. My brother-in-law promised the company's help with the move and thorough 2-months training. It's a considerable salary raise for me compared to my current annual income.

I'd like to ask if anyone works in this industry and can advise on the difficulty level of switching from another industry.

What are your recommendations? Should I just go for it? Is it doable? Maybe someone has had experience with switching fields as a consultant? It would help me to learn about your experiences as well.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, if someone knows the ins and outs of this field, I'd be grateful for tips and pointers. Youtube and documentaries help, but I think finding someone working in the oil and gas field would be far more helpful for making the final decision.

Thank you in advance, guys!