Found out I am the lowest paid in my department, asked for a raise and got ignored, what should I do?
I did my graduate internship at a very large company and after that I got offered a very good position.
I didn't have any previous experience but all my supervisors were very happy with my performance and even the VP of the company congratulated me on the job offer. I am 23 years old and my position is Junior Manager.

When I got offered the job it was in the middle of Covid and I didn't negotiate my salary, just accepted what they gave me.
After 1 year I decided to talk to my supervisor, I had already received a personal email from the VP of the department and my Area Director congratulating me for the great performance I was having and I had found out that previous people with my position used to get paid 5k more than I am currently getting paid.

I also found out that people in the same department but with different (less important) job functions (where I did my internship) where getting paid around 2/3k more than I was.

My next position in the rat race would be manager, and the only difference really is the title. Apparently before Junior were managing only 2 accounts, and there weren't really big or important accounts, yet still they were getting paid 5k more.
When they hired me I guess due to staffing shortage they gave me the same workload as the managers, I have been managing 5 accounts 3 of them big and important and I have been doing an excellent job. The same number of accounts and with an overall similar portfolio value than the people with the manager position are managing. 
Take into account that managers are making minimum 8/9k more than I currently make.

Knowing all this and that my results were very good I went to ask my supervisor for a raise.
My strategy was the following, instead of directly asking for a raise, I asked him what did he thought I could improve in order to get the promotion.

He admitted that I have been doing an awesome job and that the job I have been doing is the exact same as of the managers so he sees me already as one, but that due to my age I may need to wait a bit longer to get that promotion.
I said okay I understand and I am not trying to be pushy but in anyway I would like a salary increase, I told him look I know I am being underpaid and I love this company  I am not trying to leave or anything but I am scared that given that I already started with a below the average salary even if I get a promotion next year I am always earning behind what the range for the position is, in order to reduce this risk and because as you said I have been doing the same work as the managers I would like a 5k increase.

He said that he would talk with my direct boss but that maybe it's better to wait a bit longer before asking and that I shouldn't ask him because he will talk to him (they are personal friends).
Now my supervisor is leaving, and I don't know what to do, should I just go talk to the area director and ask him for the raise? I like the company and my colleagues but I am getting very burned out knowing that they are basically taking me for an idiot and not paying me what I deserve, I mean there are fucking morons that are doing shit that are getting paid more than me, while me on the other hand I can't even move out of my parents house with the money they pay me