Is my job toxic or am I being a whiney baby?
I started out this year doing freelance marketing and LOVED it and working with clients but just missed the stable and income and benefits that came with a traditional marketing position. So I started applying to jobs and got 2 offers within 2-3 weeks of beginning my job search. I took the one that paid more because it was a more general marketing position in a new industry that I was interested in.  
Since I started 4 months ago, I've come to LOATHE my coworker who I have to work the closest with because we're the only 2 people in marketing. She's lazy and dishonest, is always very quick to pass assignments off to me and find excuses as to why she can't do them. Literally DOESNT ANSWER EMAILS and when our coworkers and supervisors Microsoft Teams message both of us asking us to do something, she won't say anything until I finally respond agreeing to do it and then she "likes" my messages. She'll set meetings with our clients and then conveniently be unable to attend them and then messages me and lets me know the client is there waiting to meet with us.  
Now, I have a history of being somewhat of a people pleaser and so I've spoken to 2 different managers about this coworker and what to do about them and both of them instructed me to learn "how to manage" her. So, when she's tried to get out of doing stuff, I've said things like "I'm actually too busy, can you handle this?" and she either says something like "okay well it's not urgent, so just get it done when you can" OR she lies and says she'll do it and then it never gets done.  
We are not evaluated separately, our success is based on BOTH of our performances. I know of at least 2 coworkers of mine who have been in this department for more than 2 years and have yet to receive performance evaluations or raises. Our manager is always shifting direction so I'll spend a whole working day on something only to find out shortly after that our manager doesn't want to move in that direction (which I understand is sometimes the nature of marketing.) On top of everything, almost everyone I've heard most everyone I work with blatantly lie to our clients (which goes against my values) and make too many empty promises to count. I really feel that the culture here is to string people along and just tell people what they want to hear even if we have no intention of following through. Further, 2 other people have left my department straight up without notice in the short time that I've here also, causing me to believe there is severe dysfunction at this company's foundation.  
Does this work environment sound like something I can get used to and learn something from? Or should I cut ties as quickly as possible and get a bartending job to make ends meet while I look for something else? I've been applying to other jobs since my second month of work here but it's honestly been really difficult to apply to jobs, write cover letters, prepare for and make time for interviews while I still have a full time job. Please help!