I miss being attractive
Okay this probably sounds horribly vain and makes me a bad person for saying it, but I just need to say it. I miss being a conventionally attractive person. I've been on prednisone for almost a year now and it's drastically change my body. I've gained weight, most of which to the face, I have horrible acne, facial hair, the hair on my head is thinning and I'm covered in strech marks. I hate the way I look now so much. Before this I was what you would consider a conventionally attractive person. I'm not trying to be like full of myself, I was no model or drop dead gorgeous person by any means. But I looked decent. Now I look horrible.

Its just taken so much of my confidence. I use to walk into every room like owned that room. No fear no hesitation never out of my comfort zone no matter the situation. Now I walk into the room and want to hide agaisnt the wall and hope no one sees me. I don't even like starting conversations with people because I feel like people do not want to talk to someone who looks like me. Because people do make judgments based off how you look before they ever speak to you. And I look bad. I know there are many people who make snap judgments about me because of that. Sure not everyone does, but there are people doing it. I also was definitely someone who used my looks to get away with things. I've talked my way out of tickets. I know how to get what I want from men by acting and looking certain ways. I weaponized my looks because as a woman if a patriarchal society is going to define me by looks, than I'm going to take my power by using them as a weapon. But now I look bad and that's been taken from me. I don't have that power to fight back with. And it's all just so frustrating. And even once I get off prednisone, lose weight, the acne and facial hair go way, and I look into hair loss treatments. The hair on my head is going to take a good while to come back. And the strech marks that now coat my body are going no where. I'm hoping maybe once I'm fit again they won't bother me so much, because right now it feels like they are just calling out how fat I am. Like oh look this person is so fat they have stretch marks everywhere! Even though logically I know the combination of steroids and EDS is causing me to get stretch marks way easier than I should and why they are so bad. The weight plays a part in it, but normal people do not get stretch marks with the amount of weight I've gained or at the size I'm still at. But they feel like they are calling me a failure for gaining weight. (and yes I do take full responsibility for the weight gain. Prednisone contributed to it and made it easier to gain weight and made my appetite go wild. But at the same time weight gain and loss always comes down to physics and calories in vs calories out. I simply consumed more calories than I burned. Prednisone made me feel like I might die if I didn't, but it didn't put calories in my body. My hands did that. And I don't want the oh it's not your fault you gained weight it's the medications you shouldn't feel like you failed comments. Because my will power did fail. I was the one who ate too much and gained weight. Working to lose it. But it was still my choice and one that is bad for my body. So it also makes the stretch marks feel like they are my fault because I gained weight and like I was the one who destroyed how by body looks. Even though I recognize with the amount of prednisone I've been on for as long as I have with EDS, would have gotten them without gaining weight. I've also gotten them in areas I've gained 0 weight like my arm pits, and my belly that has grown has none.)