My health issues are hurting everyone around me.
I became ill a long time ago. Compared to a lot of you it's not that bad. I'm so grateful I don't technically need the hospital and doctors to keep me alive but since they don't even know what's happening to me and I have events that look and feel like I'm dying, maybe I am just playing with death each time. I don't know and honestly after a decade I  don't care.   
          
What bothers me though is the prolonged suffering of chronic illness. The inability to do most things in life. I can't go anywhere without feeling sick and passing out. My PT has recommended a walker. I can't drive. My career is over. I may not even qualify for ssdi. It's all such a mess.       
    

It's getting to a point where I don't want to do anything anymore that causes me more suffering.  And it's selfish. I can't even get my second vaccine because I'm scared it will cause me to get worse (first one made me bedridden for months) when people are literally dying from covid. My own doctors shrugged about my reaction so I'm assuming the second one is still a "get over yourself and get it" situation with them. I'm terrified I'll end up needing a caregiver if I get the second while so many of you could easily die from people like me. I hate myself for that. And I'm so sorry. Everyday I see comments that people like me are the reason everyone is still suffering in this pandemic and I just want to die.    
         
           
I can't keep working because it's slowly causing a buildup effect that's making me faint so often from the shock of being so sick. And that's going to make me a burden on taxpayers if I need assistance. And taking away support from people that need it more than me.      


I can no longer be there for the people in my life either. Emotionally, physically, I am too drained. I want to support them in their own journeys and downfalls but I'm constantly writhing in discomfort and having attacks, and don't want to make the situation about me so I just withdraw from everyone for their own good.      


I even feel like a drain on our healthcare system. No one can help me so why even keep going? I'm just using up the time of someone that can be helped.