Fuck the American medical system and fuck HIPAA
It should not be this hard to get medical records shared between my doctors.

I have an appointment with an out of state specialist at a research hospital next week. I'm trying to get all my records faxed over to them and it's an absolute nightmare. Somehow despite all my doctors and records being in one hospital system I have to individually call each and every specialist to get my records sent and go into their office in person and sign a release form. Seriously? Like what's the point of even having a primary care doctor if they can't keep track of my medical records from all my other doctors and send them out with a referral?

Further it gets worse because they only want to send the hospital records if they request them. The hospital does not see it as their job to request them, and expects me to assure they have all been faxed over. So now I'm getting sent back and forth because they don't want to send the hospital my records.

I understand the point of HIPAA. I appericeate that medical records are kept private in general. But why on earth are my medical records being kept private from my doctors!? There shouldn't be such strict laws preventing my doctors sharing records. I mean there's no really good reasons I would want to hide records from my doctors. They should have access. And at the very least I should be able to just verbally consent over the phone. And they shouldn't be so hesitant to send records out without them being requested by the hospital. But HIPAA has offices living in such fear it's becoming impossible to get records shared. At this point it seems unlikely my records are making it to my appointment with me.

And the most ridiculous part, gossiping office staff, nurses, and doctors break HIPAA constantly by talking about other patients when they think we can hear through those paper walls. That's the kind of time I actually want my medical records protected because I don't want anyone who happens to be in ear shot to be able to know those things. But I do want my doctors to be able to get my records. It feels like their focus on where to apply HIPAA regulations is really misplaced.