How can people think the US is wonderful for disabled people??
I’ve been dealing with this VERY mansplain-y guy in r/IWantOut who emigrated to Germany from the US. I posted there hoping to get advice on whether it would be possible to emigrate to a European country as a disabled person, or would I have to wait until I can get financially independent as an artist (which may never happen, but one can dream). 

Now, I spent 10 years of my career as a Paralegal, and in that time I handled disability cases and helped people navigate the horrible world of US social services (such as they are). I have also been dealing with social services and fighting for SSD/SSI personally for 5+ years now. 

This guy has the nerve to continually tell me he knows more than I do, despite admitting using Google for his information, and has been painting this utopian fantasy portrait of the US’s benefits and services for disabled people. He’s listed every single social service he can find, and is acting like they are ALL available and accessible for disabled people, and that disability benefits at MINIMUM $800 a month. Oh, and that I must not actually be disabled since I have have been fighting for so long. This set me off, because I know so many badly disabled people who have been waiting for even longer than I have. 

He believes that we can easily get Section 8 vouchers and use them for great homes, and even use them to purchase our own lovely house at our will! And that only in the great US of A can anyone get these fantastic benefits! 

I don’t normally use emoji’s on Reddit, but this is the best way I can describe my reaction to this idiocy 😑

So, fellow US disabled folks, let us wallow in our amazing utopia of benefits and services that our government actually really does provide for us in reality. Who cares that we don’t even rank in the top 10 for benefits and services for disabled people. That must be fiction, for good ol’ Murica is the grandest of lands for those of us that cannot provide for ourselves!