Planning on coming out to improve my mental health
(Before I start this off I'd like to say that I for the last few months I have become somewhat comfortable with identifying as NB, however because I'm still thoroughly questioning it and it also isn't as important to me as my sexuality, and I'm not ready to come out with my gender identity because of that, I will be referring to myself as my AGAB for the rest of this post. Hope you understand:) .)

This isn't asking for advice, help or anything (although I wouldn't mind it either), this is kind of like a vent I guess but i just had to dump my feelings somewhere, maybe someone can relate. Care if you want. Sorry if my English is a bit broken sometimes, I'm not a native speaker.

&amp;#x200B;

Hey everyone,

My name is Tim, I'm 16, (probably) male and gay; and I decided I want to come out to a small circle of family and friends in order to finally be at peace again with myself and the people I am close to.

Probably ever since I've been thinking about it, I knew that I wasn't quite straight, but I mostly just ignored these feelings for a long time. I've played with the idea that i might be bisexual for a while, but never fully "embraced" it, nor did I have the urge to come out; however about a month ago I have come to the conclusion that I am most definitely gay. During that year-long time of questioning I have already become quite familiar with the situation of being closeted but never considered coming out since I didn't feel the need to be open about these aspects of myself, I told myself that I still have a lot of time to figure it out, and of course because I was scared of being rejected. This time is different however; ever since I've actually come to terms with my sexuality I started to think that I finally have to admit to others (and myself) who I actually am. It has multiple reasons: 

First of all, this is the first time in my life that I have actually wanted to be in a relationship with someone. Before, I've always thought that I'm okay with being by myself for my whole life, but I guess this might be puberty kicking in a bit late, and oh well, did it hit me like a train. Of course, if I want to meet people and get together, I'll have to come out eventually, and I don't want to lose anymore time being alone. I know that pressuring myself isn't a good thing but I feel like constantly procrastinating and not doing anything is making me feel worse.

Second of all, my mental health is probably at it's lowest point since a long time ago right now. I believe this kinda started with Covid, when I slowly started seeing friends less and began to distance myself from others. I still spent time with hobbies and very close friends, but looking back at it, I can see how it started to go downhill. This has come to a point where I'm now feeling like total shit. I only spend time with my best friend two days every two weeks because that's the only time we can meet up (his parents are divorced and they live somewhat far apart), and when I'm not with him I just spend my time doing nothing. I can't do my hobbies because of Covid and winter and I have few friends at school (although my relations to my classmates are good, we're just not really close. I switched schools three years ago because of unrelated bullying, which was probably my lowest point in life so far, but I've somewhat recovered from that and my current class is very nice). It just feels like everything is a chore and I only have few things to keep me going. Add on top of that the constant pressure of being closeted to literally everyone IRL and it starts to become very not nice. If I were to come out, it would be so fucking releaving. I could finally focus on important things and not have to worry about my identitity too much.

Third of all, I'm pretty sure my parents and close friends would be accepting or at least not reject me. My parents aren't religious, they've never said/done anything homophobic etc. and they're generally just nice people, judging from my entire life living with them. Same goes for my friends, plus I've already somewhat distanced myself from people whose comments and opinions I know won't allow me in their lives. I don't think it'll be bad, and I hope the majority will not think negatively of me.

So, right now I'm in the phase of trying to figure out when and how I'm gonna do it. I definitely want to be out before turning 17, and I think I might even still do it this year, I don't want to put too much pressure on myself though. What I already have decided is that I'll come out to my best friend before anyone else. We've basically known each other since we were kids but only really got friends two years ago. I'm gonna be with him from Saturday till Sunday, if I find enough courage to do it I'll try. If it goes well, my parents and direct family are next. After that I don't know, I guess I'll see what makes sense. I still have to think about what I'll do if it all goes wrong tho. I want to have a backup plan for it, even if i hope i won't need it. You never know I guess.

Btw; if you're really still reading this, I just want to thank you for actually caring about what I had to say. I've never done anything like this,  I just hope it makes me feel better about myself, having this off my chest.

TL;DR: I'm alone, gay and depressed and I hope coming out will help me better deal with two of these things.

Cheers, and thanks for listening to my whining lol