Big-scale coming out is so scary and I don’t see how I could ever do it even though I know I’ll eventually need to
Sexuality’s easy enough, aroace is something I can say freely and cassualy if asked, the worse I’ll get is someone saying I’m “too young” or something of the like which I can just brush off.

Gender is a whole other beast.

I want to transition, I know that means I’ll eventually have to come out to every-single-person I know, and that’s fucking scary. I know the sooner I do it the better, the more time people have to get ussed to it, the quicker I can go stealth and have to come out to less people... coming out as trans is something I always figured would come naturally, but when actually thinking about it, the scope of it is incredibly intimidating.

I’m already out to a couple of people irl, people I know and trust, my comfort zone, but just thinking that I will hav eto come out to people whom I barely know one day, even if not personallu reffeirng to them, the idea makes me shiver. I’m not exactly in a good envirement to come out, I go to a catholic school, many kids are ragging bigots and many teacher aren’t any better. Even if I come out now I will still need to go to school in a stupidly gendered uniform, be aggresibly missgendered and deadnamed, I’ll get bullied by kids who just think it’s wierd, I’ll be some hot-topic gossip for like a week before it dies down and everyone goes back to pretending I never came out in the first place. So yeah, not really best place to come out; not that I would have to guts to.

Ho do you guys even come out as trans? Do you just go for it? Change schools and just introduce yourself as -chosen name-? Wait till university to be further into your transition and go stealth? Whatever you guys did? How did you got the nerve to do it? Because while obviously not right now, I’m panicking knowing I’ll really have to come out into fucking society one day

Honestly I kinda wish I could just dissappear for like, three years and then come back fully/well into transition, it’ll be so much easyer to come out if I actually look as the gender I’m claiming to be... fuck this society