Enby coming out to logical parents that think ppl just want to be special
I grew up in the midwest, in a very small town with my parents and sister. My parents have gay friends, but they are all the kind of “socially acceptable” married wealthy couples. My parents are also teachers in a small community, and care more about being quiet and palatable than enjoying their life.

My parents believe in equal rights for everyone, but also believe that people shouldn’t rock the boat. My sister is gay and lives across the country and came out via me to my parents when she was in college. My parents never ask about girlfriends, etc. what’s worse is that I tried to come out as bi in highschool and mom said that I’m not because “every woman feels this way”. To be honest I think she might be a closeted bi and genderqueer person from what she has said, which makes this more difficult.

I am non-binary and have been out for a year. My friends and partner use they them pronouns and a different name for me. I skirt the topic a bit at work, but they know my name and that I don’t consider myself to be a woman.

My partner is a trans man and we’ve been dating for three years. We have a house together, and other than my phone bill and car insurance I’m financially independent, and could take over those expenses. Every time I have ever brought up being bisexual to my mom she ignored me until I called her tearfully and told her outright. She said “she didn’t want to offend me by asking questions” and I told her I need her to ask her questions so that I feel accepted, not just blow them off. I tried to bring up being gender queer, which I wasn’t quite ready for, and she pretty much ignored me and asked if my partner is trans, which I couldn’t answer. I told her that he is queer and should treat him normally. She expressed that she just wanted to know so that she didn’t offend him in some way. 

My mother also thinks that being bisexual means that we are polyamorous, and no matter how many times I explain to her that is not the case they always assume my partner or I am dating multiple people, which she considers “cheating”. We are monogamous and can’t keep our hands off of each other.

They were supposed to visit and couldn’t, and rarely ever do. I asked if it is because we are queer, which my mom responds isn’t the issue, just travel and other factors. We are visiting for Christmas and I can’t bear to have another phone call where my mom calls me she and dead names me.

I have to come out, but I feel asking her to make any changes to how she treats me or to no longer go by the name she gave me will make her angry. I’ve been out for a year and have been so happy, I’ve made peace with my body, and just want my parents to acknowledge my queerness. 

TLDR: My mother is an intelligent person, and understands queerness on paper, but is not the most sensitive when it comes to her children and their needs, and is living in a conservative bubble where queer ppl are an afterthought. How can I come out to her without breaking ties or making her feel defensive?