Go to Christmas or get disowned?
CW: homophobia, religious trauma

TLDR: brother and I are gay, parents aren't accepting, and I'm trying to figure out the best way to come out and tell them to fuck off and we aren't going to Christmas?

Quick backstory: I was raised in an incredibly religious, evangelical family. Because my dad was in the military, we moved around a lot and, as a result, they decided to homeschool my brother and I for a while so needless to say we all got CLOSE. Life went on and I started slipping away from my family as I started slipping away from my faith. 
Later, my brother came out as gay and my parents went ballistic. My mom specifically viewed it as a failure on their part and blamed my dad for not doing "manly enough things" with him and he's "the reason that their son turned out gay". My brother has been told that he will never be allowed to bring a partner to meet them because my mom refuses to accept that he's gay. In fact, she considers it something to be changed. Though as long as he doesnt "act on it", he is safe in "God's eyes" or whatever.
PLOT TWIST, I'm also gay. Well, bisexual, but, unlike my brother, I have slept with several women so I'm actually the true disappointment of our family, though I am still very closeted because I saw how the argument went with my brother
ANYWAYS that brings me to the point of posting this.
Apparently my brother and mom talked yesterday and she said a shit ton of homophobic things and told him his feelings are invalid because he's "disgusting" or whatever. So we're debating not going home for Christmas like originally intended. My mom's a bitch (obviously) so we're kinda scared of her and what she could do, BUT we're adults and all that so it doesn't matter. 
Basically, what I'm asking is how would you all recommend handling this situation? Is there a better wording then "hey mom, I know you talked to my brother and I just wanted to tell you I'm also gay, you raised two failures, and we hate how you treat us so we're not coming home because home isn't there anymore"? Because currently that's all I got. I'm trying to figure out if it's bad to come out to my parents in anger or if anyone has experience with this and can guide us to a better compromise. Thaaaanks