Professor yelling at the class made me cry
I am so embarrassed. I’m in a senior level undergraduate course in a competitive program and the class had an assignment due today. None of the students managed to complete it, and the professor got rightfully upset with the class. As soon as the prof started raising their voice I tried to use some of the techniques I learned in therapy, but as they kept going their voice got progressively louder, the criticism got harsher, and I couldn’t handle it. I shut down completely and wasn’t able to follow anything that the professor was explaining. I was fighting back tears and doing everything possible to keep down the knot in my throat. My eyes were really watery and I had to blink fast to keep myself from crying. I know my reaction was visible because it’s a really small group and we sit in a circle. I burst into tears as soon as I left the classroom and haven’t been able to stop crying since. I am so embarrassed by my inability to handle people getting mad at me, I can’t fathom facing this professor again. I’ve been working on graduate school applications but some of the criticism rang so true that I’m now considering abandoning those plans, which sucks because I’m an older student that quit a job to pursue this education. I feel really embarrassed by both my performance on the assignment and my reaction to warranted criticism. Does anyone else have experience being in a rigorous academic setting? I feel like this sphere is especially cruel and gruelling for people like us.


EDIT: thank you all for your thoughtful responses. I’ve been carefully reading each comment and I’m overwhelmed by the overall kindness and level of support I’ve received. It’s so comforting reading that there are others who have gone through this and have come out to the other side. I’m truly inspired by everyone’s resilience through this — we all deserve to reach our goals at our own pace, and to be treated with respect in the process. I talked to one of my classmates today and they were similarly shocked at what happened. This further reconfirms what you are all saying — it’s not my fault that some people resort to verbal lashings when stressed and it doesn’t reflect poorly on me. You have all truly helped me and given me a boost, I’m gonna treat myself to a fancy coffee and work on grad school applications. Thank you, truly.