I wouldn't mind paying a tax so that therapy for childhood trauma could be free for everyone suffering from it. Even if I had no trauma myself.
Can you imagine the benefits to society if everyone traumatized would have this opportunity? Can you imagine how much generational trauma could be stopped, how we could prevent so many people from entering abusive relationships? The amount of suffering that would not happen? (Also the amount of jobs created). 

There's a quote circling around which is "I can't take the blame for my trauma but it is my responsibility to heal it." As usual when confronted with what appear to be dogmas, I asked myself "why?" The responsibility is actually of the people who caused the trauma. "You broke it, you fix it." but of course they won't take that responsibility, most of the times, for several reasons. So then who's is it?

Aren't the laws, and social structure that we are currently living in which allow abuse to occur, the next in line of responsibility? So why not make therapy like a public utility? An essential service? Almost mandatory. "Oh you got cptsd/bpd/npd/adhd/aspd, boom, qualified for therapy until that's solved. It's on all of us that you have that shit to deal with. Life is already harder for you than it needs to be, let's not make it even harder. I (society) I'm so sorry that I allowed it to happen. Now I won't rest until you're good again (hopefully). In fact, let *me* pay *you* compensation for the emotional damage and all the suffering you've had to endure. I know that doesn't fix it, but maybe it balances the scale a bit."

Then, it's much easier to heal trauma in community. Trauma can't be healed alone. How many of you would feel sad af if you saw a bleeding cat with  broken limbs who was just bullied by others licking it's own wounds and dragging itself on the floor? Now imagine telling him: "I know they hurt you but now it's up to you to fix yourself and find food and all. Bye then 👋" Anyone would see us as heartless. But isn't this exactly what's happening to all traumatized people? Sure we're not cats, we have resources, but we goddamn know how living with trauma is life in hard mode. And then on top of it being harder and more expensive, we have to heal (and pay for) something we are not responsible for causing?

So to end:

1- I guess it's true. Now it's our responsibility to heal ourselves... Because the other two parties who actually bear that responsibility don't. The responsibility has been offloaded to the bearer of the load. A kind of every man for himself mentality. Leaving the wounded to the wolves. We already don't stand up for ourselves anyway right. So, yes, if we don't do it, nobody will, the ones that should, won't, and we and others will suffer as a result.

2- Yes, I would gladly pay that tax, even if I didn't need it for myself. It makes for happier society, one who takes care of all its members, creates a sense of shared goals, and of mutual support. I believe it would be far more successful as well, not just in personal happiness terms, but as a whole.