DAE/HAE ever had their parent glare at them with pure hatred?
Edit 2: Thank you for the award and all the replies. I think I answered everyone. I honestly wasn't expecting this many replies- to me this is big. I feel so sad about how many people have suffered, and really grateful you told me your stories or gave advice and validation. Thank you so much. I have a bit more confidence and self belief now. 

Edit 1: Thank you for all the replies. I'm sure to miss one as this grows, but I truly appreciate all the responses. 

Post:

So on my wedding day, I knew my mother would be trouble. An awful lot happened, including threats none of my family would come to the wedding because my sister leaked the speeches. A lot happened and it destroyed me, I wasn't even able to cry I'd just do this short bark laugh thing and feel tired. But the day arrives and I'm helping decorate with my groom, a groomsman and BIL and his wife- SIL. It was a very small wedding in walking distance from my home.

SIL agreed to come with me to get ready because I didn't want to be alone with my mother. Without her this would have gone worse. My mother came round and started complaining about coffee so we brought coffee and then complained about more stuff and I excused myself to do my hair and makeup. She then started complaining she should go first because she takes longer to get dressed and came to bother me to put her hair tools on. Including sitting and watching me at one point. People watching me is a huge trigger. But I tried to keep calm. And I stood my ground. I said I was getting ready. 

But it was my mother's face in the mirror before me, the look of pure hatred at me on my wedding day that I'm struggling to get over. She didn't expect me to see. Later we took a photo together and again she's glaring at me as we pose. She's upset about the gifts and the food and refusing to eat and other things all day, but I do my best to just ignore her. I actually did have a pretty good day thanks to others. 

I'm just wondering do your parents also look at you with hatred? How do you deal with that personally (like just the emotions not confronting it with them.) 

I've literally had my father say deadpan to me as a child, "I'll kill you." And I believed him. But my mother on my wedding day made me dissociate hard and I'm still in shock about it. I'm just wondering in other not so peachy childhoods was this normal or am I misreading it and blowing things out of proportion? I don't usually make eye contact so am I just unable to read faces? Was I hallucinating or something from stress?