Self care reminder: If you were violently abused, you were also emotionally abused, by definition.
EDIT: Reread it, tightened up some grammar and I LOVE that so many people like this but don't need to comment. It's self explanatory, isn't it? Thanks y'all!

If your brain works like mine, when you see the increasing push to make sure emotional abuse is always validated and understood, you think "yes, it's their turn, I should be quiet for a while".

When people say emotional abuse needs to be seen, they're still including you.

Do you know why you compare them and think the only thing that mattered about what happened to you was the pain and the marks (on the days you can even acknowledge that mattered)? Because you were emotionally abused into devaluing yourself. Even if it was simpler and only by insults and hatred, not extended mind games, you were emotionally manipulated into being afraid to take other's space just by existing. And be afraid that their existence will wipe you out, because the world doesn't have enough validation to go around.

That was the abusers' world. This is yours. You still belong here. Each thing that happened was valid for you, just the same as you now see everyone assuring those with different stories.

Questioning if your trauma is enough because someone else's is so painful is the very thought pattern caused by emotional abuse: the abuse people are validating so much right now, and you experienced it.

When people say emotional abuse is enough, they don't mean it's the only thing. Good people don't think that way. The existence of and support for people who need support forums for emotional abuse *doesn't* make them spaces *only* for those people.

They don't need you to silence yourself so they can be safe. You, the person, are not triggering to others. You still have somewhere to go. Right here, like always.

That's all.

\[If the disclaimer is necessary, no, people who post about emotional abuse don't make me feel like this and I don't resent their posts and they should keep going. *Abusers and this disorder make me feel like this*. Everyone with CPTSD experiences a self-minimizing thought pattern, and this is mine, and I have a feeling some others'. Survivors of emotional abuse, neglect, and other traumas, please keep posting, you are great. I'm not calling out such posts any more than those posts are calling out physical abuse posts when they say "I read here about horrible abuse and I don't feel like enough". Same shit, different details. Thanks for understanding.\]

FURTHER EDIT Just because I've been thinking on this topic so much, emotional abuse IS invisible and that IS why it's so terrible, of course. I understand this. I am, albeit through a small maze, spreading further awareness of this truth by pointing out that people who know they must have been abused will often acknowledge (and treat) all of their abuse except this type. ***Because it is plausibly deniable.***

Love and support to all.