A less talked about very common form of abuse is treating children like terrible and useless adults in small bodies. Does this sound familiar?
Edit - sorry my app crashed and it posted before I was done. This is my final copy.

In my work on healing from an abusive childhood I realized a problem I felt very alone in facing is actually REALLY common in abusive households. It may be especially common in households where one or both parents have a personality disorder or addiction.

Abusive parents often don't treat their children like CHILDREN. Rather they treat them like stupid horrible adults that are purposefully being awful to them. What do I mean by that? 

1.	They don't teach you any "common sense" skills, they just expect you to know. They might teach you some things like how to read or write, but they do not teach you social skills, life skills, daily good habits, or emotional coping skills. They might mock a child for not having clean teeth but they never take the time to help them brush twice a day. 
2.	They get angry, punish, or yell when a child does things all children do. Children are naturally (at times) repetitive, annoying, rude, socially inept, and very easy to cry or yell. This is not an exhaustive list. All children are like this until they slowly learn social skills and emotional skills as they grow up.
3.	They treat a child's lack of an adult body and brain like a moral failing. All toddlers have tantrums. It's completely biologically out of their control similar to infants being unable to control going to the bathroom. Speaking of which, they will also abuse children for having accidents, which ironically can be caused past the toddler years by child abuse itself.

Screaming/punishing is NOT teaching. It is abusive to punish any child for doing or not doing something they were never taught. What they did to us is like pointing at a random dog, saying "stand up on both legs" and then beating it when it doesn't know the words or command. 

Speaking of which, guess who also couldn't train a single dog in her life? Yeah, my abusive drunk-ass mother. 

Just wanted to share in case anyone else felt alone or didn't know how to articulate the odd way they were treated when they were children. You were not a bad kid. You were not stupid or horrible or mean or crazy. You were just a kid and no kid on earth will be as capable in the world as an average adult.