Tips for young men i wished my dad taught me
Scented Lotion and body creme is way better for smelling good than too much cologne. 


Carry mouthwash and mints

Confidence percieved is confidence achieved. Noone wants to date a guy they have to interrogate in order to talk to.   

Your probably a funny guy. Comedy in a social setting is a numbers game. Throw out some jokes and see what lands worse thing is a bit of awkwardness you can laugh off.


Its only awkward if you acknowledge it just move on.


If you make it to the third date bring a gift (crazy  how uncommon that is)

Dont be overly sexual and stay away from loaded topics YOU feel strongly about. Only talk about things when your opinion is malleable. 

Dont date to have sex its grimey and very transparent

Memes areamazing icebreakers for texting. Remember something you talked about during the date and send her meme about it the next day. 

Dont be afraid to compliment her when you notice something shriking.

If you use any yt "pickup artist" accept that your probably too far gone. 


Dont lie about your interests just act interested when she talks about hers.

Always talk less then her but make sure to show your  paying attention.

Dont look at your phone.

Dont imply you have a lot of money its trashy. 


Tip generously and always be extra polite to waitstaff ( pretty good rule of thumb in generaltbh)


Have fun( when your relaxed and joking your alot more fun to be around)


Dont be gross and look at her boobs man god damn.

By the 4th date  most women expect you to be alot more flirty and obviously interested. If she invite you to her house or tries to invite herself your probably in there.


A good way to politely ask a woman to come up is to talk about an obscure favorite movie and when she expresses interest invite her to your place to watch it.

Never ask more than once if the answer was no.



Good luck and realize odds are if she agreed to a date your looks are fine. Make sure to be presentable and relax but if your nervous just let her know  shell probably be flattered honestly and saying your nervous breaks the ice.

Good luck and remember have fun and dont have too many expectations. Sometimes you walk away from a date with a friend


Edit: interesting response to this. Im not trying to offend anyone offering my personal tips. Please stop dming me just because you dont agree