You're worth it.
You deserve that great relationship. You deserve to be happy. You deserve to spend your time with someone that respects you and treats you with respect and love.

However you'll meet that sweet person once you stop trying to be someone else. If you want to be free you need to be yourself. 

Self development is great but it should teach you to love yourself as you are right now. With your flaws and insecurities. 

Be authentic. That's sexy.

Learn to say "No" when you want to. Don't force yourself to please someone else because they're probably just as insecure as you are. 

Find your passions and give in to them. It's perfectly fine to talk for hours about robots, watches or even plants if that's your thing. Someone will enjoy listening to what you have to say and even share the same interests. But you can't meet them because you're spending most of your time trying to please every potential partner.

I get it, you don't want to be rejected. But you're only rejecting and hating yourself when you take two hours to find the "perfect" first message on Tinder. Stop being fake and be yourself. 

You'll never be loved by anyone if you spend all your time figuring out ways for them to like you. 

Most you single folks are so desperate to find that great relationship that you've forsaken yourself. You're tired of dating. Tired of being disapointed over and over again. You're thirsty for love. But that cup of yours is empty. You're not filling your own cup and you expect to find someone else that does. 

You wanna know why most people meet someone great when they stop caring? Because when you finally stop searching for someone, you realise that you have found yourself. 

Don't let anybody telling you that you're not worth it, even yourself. 

I love you. I hope everyone of you will find the right person for them. &lt;3

Edit : This post is about realizing your own worth. You're free to keep believing that you're a victim of modern society and find many reasons why you haven't found love yet. You can't change your past but you can start deciding what you want to create from now on. This is not some wishful thinking, this is reality. If you want to be happy, you have to choose it. It's your responsability to think good things about yourself. To love yourself. 

You can be negative about yourself and hate who you are. But self-hate only leads to more hate either from within or from people you meet. It's not like "Maybe If I tell myself and everyone how pathetic I am, someone will start loving me." 

People treat you the way you're treating yourself. Don't like it ? Then stop being an asshole towards your own self and start being more compassionate. Start by giving yourself some room for making mistakes. Give yourself the possibility to be okay as you are, even if you could improve on this or that.

And why are you so desperate to find someone anyway ? Because you're lonely ? 

You have a terrible relationship with yourself. How do you expect to be in a great relationship when you can't even stand yourself ? Dating is not about finding someone. It's about finding yourself. Each relationship teaches you about yourself. 

You can change. You can do it. But it has to come from you. Ain't nobody coming to save you.