Guys is pushy with my sexual boundaries and has an interesting stance on abortion, if unplanned pregnancy occurs.
Update: I just ended things with him and it feel so so gooooood!!!!! Hallelujah, I’m a free woman 🎉 Thank you, Reddit for the brutal honesty and support ❤️ I think you all just saved my life. 🙏🏽

Hello! I've been seeing a guy for about 2.5 months now. We're sexually active. However, there have been moments when we've been intimate where he's pushed my boundaries in some ways. For example, he's insisted on having unprotected sex since we started getting sexually active. I was not comfortable with doing something like that so soon (and still have not done it) but he keeps insisting that the only way he would get into a committed relationship is if he has unprotected sex with me (we have not had any discussions about commitment yet). He since agreed to protected sex, after trying on different sized condoms etc (his original excuse was that condoms make him uncomfortable and that he can't perform with one on). However, he's made comments in passing while we were intimate that he absolutely needs unprotected sex to feel close to someone. He's asked for other sexual acts that I am currently not comfortable doing and I've stated my boundaries clearly. However, what bothers me is that he keeps bringing these up, subtlety, and has not let my no mean no. He's also done certain things (that I'd rather not describe here but an example is: cumming in my mouth a little even though I told him I don't want to swallow during a bj), where in I felt uncomfortable in the moment and/or felt coerced into the situation sexually, solely for his pleasure or because he seemed to be so into the moment he seemed to forget I was there. He's been incredibly pushy and impatient with me since the beginning and while I tried my best to slow things down, I do think he could have done a better job of being patient.

All these, I know, scream red flags, but he's also got some really great qualities. He's intelligent, successful, kind/caring, and has been consistent and available. We've spent at least one to two days together over the last month and half each week, meeting up and hanging out. We've got on calls, we've texted, he's taken me out to movies, dinners etc. All that said, he does lack empathy. I've discussed the risks of unprotected sex with him (he got tested when I asked which was a plus) when I brought up STDS (that in and of itself was a struggle to get him to make happen). However, when I brought up the risk of having an unplanned pregnancy, he said he has a record of "pull-out- method success", and he went so far to state that if I happened to get pregnant, he'd want me to "get used to plan b" or he'd accompany me to get an abortion. I don't even want to get into why both of these statements are gigantic red flags and the lack of awareness into the implications for me as a woman once I take plan b or if I get an abortion (even if I wanted to).

He's stated that if I chose not to get an abortion, he'd be out of my life since he is not ready for a baby. All that said, I've been extremely vocal with him about this issue, speaking my mind and telling him why what he said does not align with my values (this was more recently and I've yet to hear back from him on his thoughts on this). It seems that no one has made him or he has chosen not to think about the implications of his comments/actions sexually, now or in the past. My question is, is it worth it moving on with this guy? Are these issues, that have been coming up so early on, glaring red flags that cannot be worked on going forward and that I should drop everything and move on to find other fish in the sea?

tlrd: guy wants unprotected sex but if I have an unplanned pregnancy, he says wants me to get an abortion/get used to plan b. he's pushed some of my boundaries in sexually in the past (ie: cumming in my mouth a little even though I told him I don't want to swallow) - want to know if this dude is a walking red flag or if he's being a dude that needs to be corrected with the hope of change.