Girl I am seeing blurted out her promiscuity while drunk and I feel like it the end of the road. Should I let her know the real reason or just lie?
Hi I am M31 &amp; recently started seeing this girl F27. It's been 2 months. Yesterday she came to my place for Christmas and we hung out. She drank a bit and started talking about her hookups.  She said she had this fetish of sleeping with an older man so she set her preference to 35-40 on bumble. She met this rich guy M 39 who was a lawyer and she went to his place to sleep with him after the first date. They hooked up a couple of times. 

He turned out to be married with children (obviously). So she broke it off. But it sounded like he was the one who told her it was just casual and he wanted nothing more from her than that. 

Now the same thing happened with me too. We slept together exactly the same way. After the first date. Later she told me during the same conversation that she slept with a friend of hers who came to my house to watch a game and have beers (I found it a bit off putting that she invited him with my consent and prior disclosure of sexual history, although I was present there) She also told me she went on a trip and scored some marijuana and smoked with a guy and slept with him later. 

She goes on a lot of solo trips and asks for marijuana from random people. Now I can't get it out of my head that she sleeps with atleast some of them. 

I feel like she betrayed me when she told me to sleep with her without a condom a couple of days ago. I didn't know all these details and would have never agreed to it if I knew it. She didn't divulge that she indulges in casual sex. She even asked me to go in raw the first time she was with me but i refused. 

I think I am over this fling of ours. Should I tell her what I feel about what she told me?  Or just end it by lying?  I am sure she will be devastated as she seems to be very attached to me. She has introduced me to all her friends. I have introduced her to none of mine. 

TL;DR- girl I am seeing told me she slept with an older guy and she sleeps with men when she scored marijuana on solo trips. I feels it's a red flag and I need to end it?