Where to meet single men in their mid twenties? Seems like they don't exist or leave their homes!
Edit: wow thank you all so much!!! So what I’ve learned is: this seems to be a gender neutral problem (women are tough to find too), I should find a new gym and approach guys first, Portland isn’t the best place to look, and maybe dating apps aren’t that bad. Thanks for giving me some hope, when I’m ready to date again I have a game plan :) 

I'm newly single (24F) and want to start dating again in a few months.  In the meantime, I've noticed that single men in their twenties don't actually seem to exist?  It's bizarre, I'm a very busy person who is constantly out of the house doing stuff, and everywhere I go I see: women of all ages, men in their 40s and up, and younger men with their wives/girlfriends.  It's scary because how am I supposed to date if I can't even meet a single man in my age range?  I have no options or prospects lol.  For context, I live in Portland OR.  I WFH so sometimes I'll go to a coffee shop to work and there's no men I could talk to.  All women, couples, and much older men.  I also go to church and I've tried out quite a few only to find they are 70% women and 90% of the men there are married or in long term relationships - the single ones are much older and uncomfortably desperate to get married.  Even at my gym (yes I go into the weight room), I'm the youngest person by 15-20 years.  I hike or do some outside activity at least once or twice a week and still don't see men in their 20s who aren't on dates.  I promise you I am not exaggerating or not being observant enough.

In past relationships I've met my ex's friends at get-togethers and thought "wow so young single men do exist!" but now that I'm single they disappeared again haha!  Do they just stay home all day?  I am confident in my looks and my personality, but how am I supposed to meet someone I actually like when the pool of options is zero?  I personally don't like dating apps but I'm afraid I will have to resort to that if I literally cannot find a single man to ask out.