UPDATE: My crush helped me move and I had the best day of my life
24M-24F

This is a follow-up to my [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/comments/r7zyyn/the_girl_i_like_offers_to_help_me_move_should_i/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3). I only accepted her help thanks to many people's encouragement, so it's only fair that I give you guys an update.

Tl;dr: We had a blast!

As many questioned why I didn't rent a van, I should have mentioned that I live in an European city with great public transport and I was merely moving from one student dormitory to another, so a few suitcases and bags were all I had, and we successfully got everything in one go because I had already brought some stuff there by myself.

I took up her offer and she seemed quite happy to hear that. When I asked if she had anything else to do that day, she said no and even offered to help clean my new room! Like who offers such a thing?! Anyway she came to my old apartment and we just dragged those suitcases to my new place by subway. I introduced her to the balcony and the new big TV I got. I may or may not have told her we could watch some movies here in the future. Then, she helped me set up the bed and pillows while we talked about the texture and choice of color of my bed sheets. 

Afterwards I finally gathered the courage to ask if I could take her to a cafe as a thank you and she agreed immediately. We strolled through the city while discovering interesting shops. At the cafe we ordered two cups of coffee and two picees of cake, which we shared together. The conversation just never dried up! While we're talking I got a good chance to observe her body language. She fidgeted with the strings on her hoodie so much that it became a bit distracting lol. I mentioned many activities we could do (I didn't say "we" specifically though) and she seemed excited about all of them.

We spent almost two hours there and then took another stroll to the subway station where we parted ways. I prepared a list of conversation topics, but ended up not using it because we never ran out of things to talk about. It just felt so natural and we laughed a lot. It was truly wonderful and I didn't need help to figure out she was enjoying it as well. I didn't make any moves except maybe looking straight into her eyes as she spoke, because we're both a bit shy and it's probably best to take it slow.

All in all, it went perfectly and my feelings for her grew, but in a simmering, not burning way. I just felt so relaxed and happy with her. If there's one thing I learned, it's that we shouldn't be discouraged because she didn't show all "Top 10 signs she's into you". My crush reponds to texts slowly, but I speculate she just only checks her phone occasionally.

Thank you all who encouraged me to accept the offer! I hope your relationship and mine flourish!