I want to be my husband's wife
I know the title sounds weird, but bear with me!

Last night I had a crazy dream. In it, I had a male best friend who meant EVERYTHING to me, and he was getting married. His bride was beautiful, funny, rich, confident, etc. and they seemed incredibly happy together. They had their wedding and then left to go on their honeymoon. 

I was happy for them, but also incredibly heartbroken. This man meant so much to me. I was sobbing and trying to explain to another friend that he was the only person in the world who made me laugh, who cared about me, who was genuine and loving... "He's perfect."

And then I woke up. And the haze lifted and I realized that the mystery best friend was my husband! It's crazy how your brain can make you completely forget someone for a brief moment in time. I have children with this man, and he was laying right next to me! Lol

We have a healthy, loving relationship. We never fight, always find ways to support each other, parent together in harmony, cuddle and love each other all day, etc. But I've been depressed and anxious lately. I haven't been eating well, I've gained 15 pounds in the last few months, and I'm having a hard time staying positive. When you have a relationship as tight as ours, individual struggles become your partner's struggles too. And he deserves better.

So I want to be my husband's wife from my dream. I want to start eating healthier, dressing nicer, speaking more positively, and acting more confident. I've started putting together a meal plan and exercise routine to help me get back on track. I'm going to curate my Reddit feed and set time limits on app use. I'm going to limit sugar and alcohol, do my hair, limit caffeine. I know I can do this because I've done it before.

Hopefully in a few months, I have a dream where we're celebrating our honeymoon. 😁

Edit: Wow, this blew up!!! Thank you everyone for the support. I'm so glad to see that this has inspired so many people to start looking at their relationships and themselves. I want to be clear that this post isn't so much about physical appearances as it is my mental health. My eating habits and clothing choices have been a direct result of not caring about myself because of my depression. That's what I want to change.

I also want to say that I'm 99% sure this dream was inspired by how my husband is making his own changes. He's been a stay-at-home dad for 4 years now and during this time he's been so committed to our kiddos that he hasn't done anything for himself. Just in the last few months, he's started lifting weights, dieting, building cosplay armor, and cooking really awesome/fun stuff (like Kronk's spinach puffs from Emperor's New Groove). I'm super proud of him for putting emphasis on his own mental and emotional well-being lately and pursuing hobbies that he used to only dream about. ♥️