From this moment on, i'll stop destroying myself with hate and start healing myself with love
From the moment I hit post, I'll let go of this feeling of hate. From now on I'll no longer let it control my mind and soul. At first it protected me, comforted me, became my friend when I was all alone. Hating those who did me wrong distracted me from self harm and suicide ideology. It was the only emotion that gave me strength to live.

But it's been 6 long years. In that time I've destroyed my confidence and self esteem. It absolutely destroyed my other emotions, I've become so numb to so many things. I no longer remember the happy memories I've had with those I've come to hate. They exist, the past family photos of us smiling genuinely are evidence of this, but they no longer exists in memory. At first hating felt so good and rewarding, now I'm scared at what I'm turning into. I've been on a seesaw with this emotion for so long, I wanna get off now. 

My family did do wrong, but they are redeemable. They always have been, if I made the effort to communicate more instead of relying on hate it could of been different. I could of healed sooner. Hate has blinded me from the effort they've made to change. 

There's a song I've been playing recently; "Nothing left to lose" from Tangled TV series. The first time I heard the song it made me cry. I related so much to Cassandra but hearing her friend try to save her from that path made me realize I needed to put a stop to this now before I'm completely consumed by the emotion. I no longer want to live like this. I wanna forgive them, I wanna be happy, I wanna learn how to love again.

So from the moment I post this, Ill end my relationship with hate. I'll walk away from it and not look back. I know it's going to be rough, I might relapse. 6 years of this destructive mental habit is going to be a bitch to get rid of but I'm committed. 

To hate, thank you for protecting me when I needed someone. Thank you for preventing me from commiting suicide. But you're 5 years past your expiration date. You've turned into an addictive poison that slowly ruined me body and soul rather than a power for change and hope. It ends now. I'll no longer rely on you. No matter how many times you tempt me, even if I feel lonely and lost, I'll never hold your hand again