My (25f) boyfriend (24m) broke up with me and this pain is unbearable
I’m sorry this will probably be long and rambly. 

We were together for over 1.5 years, had lived together for 6 months, known each other for 4 years. I genuinely thought we were a perfect couple. We had so much fun, we had great sex, we were completely in love. 

The past month I’ve been unemployed and taking care of a family member with cancer. I was depressed and struggling and he was my rock. I asked him many times if he felt like I was putting too much pressure on him and he always assured me no, he loved me and wanted to support me. He has a very high paying job and also makes money from investments so I knew we were okay financially. I completely trusted him. He said he thought of us as a team, he felt like we were already married. 

And then two days ago, completely out of the blue, he said he wanted to break up. He said he’d been having doubts for awhile, he said that I give up too easily, that I’m too full of self hate, and that I wouldn’t be a good parent. He also didn’t like that I didn’t want our kids to just have his last name, I wanted to hyphenate because my last name is very important to me for family reasons. I was just completely blind sided. I’m in therapy and I honestly felt like I had been making improvements. I had a job interview set up for this week. We had talked about the name thing so long ago and I thought we had reached an agreement we were both happy with. I was devoted to being the best partner to him. He left yesterday morning to move back with his parents in another state. He won’t answer my texts or phone calls. 

I’m just completely devastated. I can’t eat or sleep. Every breath hurts. He was my whole world, we were planning our future together. We were always talking about marriage and kids. He never, ever, ever expressed any issues with our relationship. He never gave me a chance to discuss these things. He was only ever loving and supportive and kind, but now he’s acting cold and cruel and cowardly. I might never see him again. 

I just don’t know how I’m going to move on. I still love him, I genuinely thought of him as my soulmate. He was my whole world and my whole future. I’m in so much pain, I couldn’t drive to my relative to take her to her chemo treatments this week because I was scared of what I might do if I was alone in a car for several hours. I know I have to live through this but it seems impossible. I’m scared I’ll never love again. 

If you read this, thank you. I just need to get it out I think. If you have any advice I’d love to hear it

Edit: Thank you from the bottom of my heart to everyone who has commented. I’m so moved by the kindness of strangers. I actually feel better than I did when I first posted this. I’ve eaten a little and I can breathe without it hurting. It’ll take time to heal but I’m on my way. Thank you again 💛