I love myself when I'm alone, but that disappears when I'm around other people. Advice on overcoming this?
I love being alone, it's when I feel the happiest, the most authentic, and the most energized. It's when there's no outside influence to change myself for others, and I'm free to do whatever I want, without any pushback or opinions from others telling me to do something different. I feel this way around very close friends and sometimes certain family members as well. It's a safe feeling and makes me feel like I belong.

But for some reason, whenever I'm around everyone else, it's like I lose my ability to be authentic. From going to grocery stores, to school, to work. I become very timid, second guess my beliefs, and assume others know better than me. It leaves me feeling very on edge the whole conversation. It's like when I'm around other people, their opinions, wants, and needs matter more than mind. Their opinions are more valid than mine, etc. I'm essentially a people pleaser so that they'll like me, so I won't ruffle feathers.

I'm often easily swayed as a result. Even when I have a certain opinion or say no, if someone pushes hard enough, I cave. It's frustrating because I feel like when I go back to people who I'm comfortable with, or back to having alone time, it's like I come back to my senses and realize that what I did wasn't in alignment with who I am, and I get mad at myself (even if it's something like agreeing that romantic movies are stupid when it's the group consensus, even though I'm a sucker for a good romance).

I recognize how problematic this behavior is, and I've been trying to work through it in therapy. This behavior has made me allow people who aren't the best influence into my life over the years. In the past my timidness has enabled people to walk all over me - when I could have easily stood up for myself and they would have stopped or left. But for some reason, I crave validation from those people. I have a solid set of healthy, loving, kind friends in my life right now. But it's still a struggle, and I know if I don't improve I may allow others into my life that aren't good for me because of my lack of self respect in group settings. Or negatively impact my career and general wellbeing. 

Does anyone have any personal experience or outside input? I really want to treat myself the same way around other people that I treat myself when I'm alone. I want to be able to defend my boundaries fiercely, and not care about upsetting difficult people in public settings instead of trying to appease them/get them to like me.

tldr: I'm comfortable when I'm alone, but not when I'm with other people - I turn into a people pleaser because I assume they're better/know more/are cooler/etc and that I'll get hurt if I disagree. Advice?