I quit vaping, started working out 6x a week, treating my fiance with respect long due, and now my cat died because i was too focused on improvement to see she was sick and needed the ER vet . Im spiraling , havent relapsed on anything but feel like im about to
My cat just had to be put down this morning for fatty liver disease.
My fiances dad died early last month, and the cat stopped eating somewhere in that turmoil. I didnt really notice. My fiance came back from family Thanksgiving and then noticed she wasnt eating like our other 2 cats.

The next week we scheduled a vet appointment and they gave us an oralgel to feed her. Turns out it was a sub vet and the main vet was on vacation. Around this time google led me to believe it was fatty liver disease.  But no one diagnosed that. After no improvement, we called again last week to schedule an appointment. Next monday was the earliest we got.

Wednesday (2 days ago) she wobbled out of our room and i knew then to take her to the ER vet. They seemed hopefuly and began treatment for fatty liver after diagnosising it.

3 am last night they called . Her breathing was labored and they said the quality of life stuff.. same thing 7 am this morning and my god ... not how she was 2 days ago, not that she was okay. I had to let her go. They basically said itd take a miracle.


Google basically says on every fatty liver disease page out there that its heavily survivable if caught and treated early. I knew that gel wasnt enough, i knew our vet being on vacation wasnt good, i knew she wasnt eating and yet i let her go another 2 weeks from that pointless vet visit without eating instead of rushing her to the er? 

Im so mad at myself. My fiance swears its not my fault but how tf is it not my fault that i didnt take more seriously that my cat was litteraly not eating food. I feel like an absolute garbage cannot and on top of it all, I miss my cat.

I know this is a weird sub to post this in , but idk where to , and my discipline ive been forming is kinda in my head as what i blame for not putting more thought into and taking serious my cat not eating to the point i had to euthanize her. So focused on myself i let my family down. 

Idk what im looking for here.... maybe someone to please explain how this isnt my fault beyond just saying it isnt... its been such a hard 2 months with my fiance dad dying, a serious break up that occured shortly after (we fixed things) , and fuck i just dont know how to sit here and exist with so much recent pain