My family is ruining my diet
So, I’m 22 and all my life I’ve had an unhealthy diet of processed food and sugar which was enforced by my parents. 

After dealing with extreme depression most my life, I looked into nutritional psychiatry and decided I wanted to do something about my unhealthy eating habits. 3 months ago I set forth on my journey — and it’s been the best thing I’ve ever done. I look and feel much better than any other point in my life. I told my family about my newfound diet, and they constantly disregard and peripheralize it. 

For example, yesterday my mom brought back a burger, fries, and lemonade for me when I’ve told her many times before that I no longer eat greasy fried foods. But I felt compelled to eat it since she spent money. On other occasions she will buy heavy sugary desserts, tell me to have some, then gets upset when I won’t have some cause she spent her “hard-earned” money on it. My grandma does the same thing. 

So for the passed 3 days, I’ve felt forced to binge unhealthy foods to please them, and I’m starting to feel horrible again. I told my mom I need to stop, since these unhealthy foods are only fueling my depression. She proceeds to tell me that “it’s all in my head” and that “I can afford a few cheat days a week since I’m skinny”

No I can’t afford it, why would I if that food doesn’t make me happy? Why would you purposefully set me back? Sure I might eat an unhealthy meal once a week at most, but they pressure me to go on 3-day long binges. All I can think now is that these people don’t love me. My real family wouldn’t disrespect my wishes like that. I’m the only one in the family who’s not overweight and I’d like it to stay like that.

So ya, now after this 3-day binge my insides feel horrible, I don’t feel as mentally stable, and I want to cry. I’m finally doing better for myself and they’re shitting on me. If one of them ever does this again, I’ll probably flip them off and tell them I’m not eating that bullshit. I don’t give a fuck anymore about making them feel bad