I will not kill myself today… or any day anymore.
Today was a very big deal that has both awakened me physically and emotionally. If you look at my post history you’ll see that on the recent weeks I’ve been dealing with problems regarding mental health. It’s been like this for five years but this year it’s been through the roof. Friends dying and my parents not giving a single crap about me and how I feel. I mean every time I do talk about my mental health they would laugh or say I was threatening them which for context I’ve never done that at all. If anything for five years I’ve bottled my emotions. I tell them everything but when it comes to emotions I steered away from the and my friends because they think it’s a joke I’m making. But it’s not I’m in a bad spot and with work and no money it just got worse. I hated things I loved like soccer and video games. I stopped playing them completely. I hated life. 

Forward to today in the morning. I wake up and of course just moan and tear up. I’m about to have another terrible day like I mentioned, I had finally revealed my feelings to this app because I don’t have anyone else yesterday and got some responses but go on with my day. I had to go to the post office to deliver something to a friend. 

I put my thing on the weigh in and the lady says it’s $9. Damn I only have $18 and would love even $10 to get some gas in my car for I was running empty but even better! I left my wallet in my car. So I told the lady at the register if she could give me a minute to get my wallet but a nice elderly lady stops me. She hands me a $20 bill and tells me to pay it with her money. I thanked her immensely for it but guess what she did. She gave me the remaining money, $10. That’s what I needed for gas. I blushed and thanked her and gave her a hug but then she grabbed my hands. I thought she was gonna say “Merry Christmas” or something along those lines but no, she told me, “Hang on for me my dear. It’s hard now but it’ll get better. Don’t give up.” What. The. Fuck.  I couldn’t help but I cried and whispered another thank you to her and left. It’s still so weird to me. Out of everything she could say she told me this. I thought it was gonna be something like “Have a good day” or “Have a happy Christmas or day at work,” but no. It was those words. Yesterday I wrote the Reddit post and my suicide note. What was this. I took the day off work. I was just overwhelmed but I learned something about myself.  

I was so worked up and trying to help others and impress them that I had lost myself and my way. Everyday was trying to make mom and dad happy but never made myself happy. I need to find myself and make other people that see my progress take part in my happiness. My mom and dad and friends won’t be there for me in most of these things I’ve now found out but that doesn’t mean I can’t work on myself. I don’t care about being lonely and sad anymore. Now I’m gonna try and make a difference in this world that do care. If my family and friends want to take part of that they are welcome but I won’t let them stop me from being myself and being a better person. I wanna be that difference just like that old lady that gave me money. I now am gonna try to become a better person for myself and others and if no one supports me. I don’t care. All I need is myself and people who TRULY support me in my life. If they wanna join they can but I’m done waiting. I will have relapses but now more than ever am I motivated to change myself to become happier. I will change the world and make people smile. When I become successful, this will be for people like you Miss from the gas station, people that believe in me.

Edit: I’m crying right now thanks you guys for your super generous responses. I’m still trying to process all this positivity after being in the toxic for so long. In one day I’ve gotten the most beautiful words then my parents have ever said in 5 years. Thank you from the bottom of my heart