Is 24 too late to change your life?
I’m 23 year old woman, currently in undergrad for business/marketing. I feel extremely depressed for being heavily behind my peers, for reasons that aren’t entirely my fault, and some that might be. 

I grew up with overly controlling, narcissistic parents. Because of this, I grew up with severe depression and anxiety. I was always terrified of socializing, terrified of failure and very self conscious to the point where I now think I have undiagnosed BDD or OCD. When I graduated high school, I wanted to branch off and live on college campus. They didn’t want this to happen, so they refused to help me. I ended up doing a 3 hr commute everyday, which became exhausting. 

I eventually got sick, had a hospital stint and dropped out hoping it would be just for a semester. Well, I was wrong. When I was ready again, they refused to sign any papers that had to do with my schooling. They went to college but never graduated. My generation in my family are the first to graduate college. I could only think they were covertly sabotaging me so that I won’t leave the house. It worked. I became extremely depressed because I couldn’t go to school for 3 years (because they didn’t sign the fafsa.) During the pandemic I found a way to go back and been doing online classes ever since. 


When I turned 23, I started to realize how much damage my family has done to me through years of the narcissistic abuse. Everyone is confidently soaring through life while I’m at home sleeping all day because I’m terrified of social interaction. I’m going to be 24 in a few months, and I can’t help but think it’s too late for me to change my life. Everyone I grew up with is living a healthy lifestyle, looks great and at least has a boyfriend. I don’t. I’m afraid that I stick out like a sore thumb for my age because I look young and lack experiences. 

I feel significantly worse knowing that I lacked the support system to ensure a successful life and career. My dad actually told me that my major was bullshit, marketing was bullshit, the stock market was bullshit. I can’t believe how horribly misguided I’ve been throughout the years just because I didn’t know any better. I don’t even have a job, never had an internship, I basically have no friends either right now so no network to back on. 

Is it too late for me to change my life and become successful? Is 24 too old? I honestly feel doomed. I’m an adult but don’t even feel like it right now because of my mental state.