My SO and I broke up, and I don't think I'll ever be the same.
We were together for seven+ years. I knew her basicslly for half my life(High School onwards), and I always loved her (friendship to relationship). But this past August we broke up, and I just don't feel like the same person anymore.

Originally the reason for breaking up was lack of communication, and I do take blame for it. My depression was enhanced by money toubles, and I was just skating by and trying to provide all I could for her. Because of it, I was too much of a burden for her I guess, and she became involved more and more with a friend of her's online. It was as if she paid more attention to this other guy than she did me. True I should have been more open to her, but my natural need to not be a burden made me a burden. Ironic right?
But something that has stuck with me since our initial break up was her saying she didn't want to make a fool of me, and her throwing barbs saying I never wanted to be in this relarionship in the first place. I was incredibly hurt by that, and I do accept ownership of how I felt in the beginning of our relationship, but I stayed true. And to me, she did not. I feel horrible to speculate this, but I fully believe she was unfaithful to me when her friend visited us earlier in the summer. It makes me feel so used and like my feelings never mattered in the end, or that she wanted to even try anything.

I know this is a lot of throwing blame around, but I just can't stop thinking about it. How my life has been turned upside down, and how it feels like I have to pick up all the pieces while she moved on.
I've only told my therapist this and my sister, but I've wanted to kill myself ever since. I hate everything that's happened, and how I fucked my life up. This isn't a cry for help, but I just need to get it out. Some how, some way. Just yelling it into the ether. I am trying to get better, but with how things are going currently it feels like I'm Sisyphus and I'm doomed to be rolling that boulder up the hill again and again.