I've done so much therapy, I'm on antidepressants, and yet things still aren't that much better
I just don't feel like I'm living the life I want to live. I waste away days watching TV and mindlessly scrolling through social media. I don't even like the scrolling anymore. I'm so sick of it. But I have no attention span for anything else.

There's so many things I want to do with life. I want to write. I want to play piano. I want to meditate and journal and go on walks and get physically fit. I want to knit. I want to read books. I want to not, every day, feel like I'm wasting precious time of my life, not even enjoying it. It'd be one thing if I was at least playing video games and being happy about it or something, but no. I'm just scrolling through YouTube, Insta, Reddit, bored out of my mind and waiting for myself to get tired so that I can sleep again and hoping the next day will somehow be better.

I've been in and out of therapy for around 4-5 years. Over the summer I did an intensive therapy program, learning DBT skills, 3 hours a day 3 days a week. They recommended I go to an even higher level to treat anxiety/OCD (not depression, actually - I have some issues with my family dynamics due to anxiety). But because I was going to college this year, my family recommended against it.

I'm also on 5 mg of Lexapro. My primary doctor said I should increase it, so I will, but I just don't see that drastically fixing anything. And I'm also sad to increase it, because you can't drink while on SSRIs, and if I can't drink I feel like I'm missing out on a large part of college. It's only for the next few years that I get to go to big parties and be drunk with everyone and make those memories. Once you hit your late twenties you can't really do shit like that anymore. So I don't want to lose part of the college experience because I'm on antidepressants.

I don't know. I always recommend therapy to depressed friends, and tell them it really helps. Other friends in therapy have spoke so highly of its benefits, too. And yet I feel like it's just not working for me. I never feel like I'm improving. I've had four different therapists, not to mention the plethora of therapists I was exposed to at the IOP, plus a college therapist. The IOP therapists were actually quite good, same with the college therapist, but both of those don't do actual long term private 1:1 patient care.

What am I supposed to do? I feel like I've tried everything, and this is just my life. It's so upsetting. I want to make something of my life so badly. I'd say I'm quite ambitious. I want to be successful, and I'm driven to do so. But I just never actually act on it. And my failure to act is depressing in and of itself. What do I do? How are things supposed to get better when I've tried everything? Why am I cursed to feel this way, when other people can supposedly just do things with their life so easily?