people of reddit, how have you dealt with depression better by being "alone"?
excuse my writing (I am relying on a translator to write this) .

At the beginning of the pandemic my wife got pregnant and due to fear of the virus and knowing that there is a defenseless little person inside my wife scared me a lot and started my anxiety because of. Things continued and I went to a doctor because according to me my heart felt strange, but finally after several studies it turned out that it was because of my anxiety and my fear in the pandemic, after that I improved a little but I still felt anxious, afraid I did not have the will to do anything, I did not share my fears and my problems with anyone, even though I knew that my wife and family could give me all the support I needed. well .. after my beautiful daughter was born, everything changed in a turn of almost 180 degrees, I was happy again, I was in love again with life, everything very well in my life, economically I was never very affected so the arrival of my daughter economically did not affect me much.

This year we had a trip to the United States and we visited Miami, Orlando, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Los Angeles, accompanied by my family of course, now it has been 2 - 3 weeks since I arrived from the trip, and again I feel depressed, I feel the empty chest, as if I were bored all day, without spirits, I don't want to go anywhere other than my job, my wife invited me to go out yesterday with friends and I didn't want to go, I don't sleep well, lately I sleep around 2 am and I get up at 6-6: 30 am, I don't know how to get back to "normality" and I don't want this to become my normality, I want to improve, I don't want my family to feel like I'm hiding something from them (so I feel like they're looking at me when they ask me "how are you?"), that my wife feels how I love her, she knows that I'm not like that and that I'm going through something, but I don't have the courage to tell her how they really are ...

I have never thought about taking my own life, because I know that there are many people who love me and need me in their life, but I don't know what to do ...

writing this has taken a little weight off my mind ...

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT 1

 Update:  Last weekend I talked about what happened to my wife, it was quite difficult to explain what I was feeling at that moment but apparently she understood me and currently she is supporting me a lot, little by little I have begun to feel a little relief in my life, although I still have insomnia, I feel a little better in spirits and in my head.

I hope that other people who are going through the same thing that I am going through or something worse find the support they need as quickly as possible. 

I am in the process of beginning to improve my physical activity and looking for a way to return to normality in relation to my sleeping hours. 

Thank you very much for the attention and help provided by you.