It never gets better
I truly fucking despise every goddamn person in my life who said it would get better. Seriously go fuck yourselves. All of that shit about how college would be fun and I would learn stuff was a fucking lie. I’m surrounded by fucking morons and I’m the only person who answers fucking questions. I literally might as well be in my shitty impoverished Bible Belt high school again because it’s the same fucking quality and I won’t pretend it’s better anymore. Fuck you.  

It’s a lie. It never gets better. You’re supposed to lie and say that you’re glad you didn’t do it so other people don’t kill themselves. It’s bullshit. I truly regret nothing more than not killing myself when I have had the balls. Because once you talk yourself down and start thinking about how sad your mom will be it’s so hard to get the courage to be fucking free


EDIT: thanks to everyone who tried to help ❤️. Kindness was much appreciated. I tried to respond to as many people as I could, but definitely missed some. You are so so appreciated, and I really can send nothing but love and good vibes towards everyone going through similar things. I hope things will be okay for all of you too ❤️

If your “advice” was to put myself into debt or become homeless or to “let my grandma die so I can be free”— GO FUCK YOURSELF. Seriously. Not gonna be nice about it. 

Maybe think critically for 2 seconds before you post. If you’re trying to help it’s about ACTUALLY BENEFITTING the person you’re helping, not your ego boost for feeling like you made a difference. 

I would recommend that people don’t post here if they’re really going through an emotional time. People clearly deliberately come here to try to rile up others who are at rock bottom. It’s fucking gross. Seriously, please don’t be vulnerable here for your own sake. Highlights include “grow the fuck up” and “you’re irresponsible” when I’ve been entirely financially independent since I was 17. I have more responsibility than I can bear. I have to claim dependents on my taxes you fuckwads.

Not to mention “let your grandma die.” Seriously, fuck you.