Help - might lose my job
Hi everyone,

Thank you on advance for reading:

I’ve been struggling with a rough bout of depression for the last few months, and all of my poor work decisions are really starting to add up all at once, and I’m scared I might get fired.

For context, I am a corporate recruiter who works remotely. I have been so depressed lately (haven’t shared this information with anyone) and I have been unmotivated, missing deadlines, and unproductive. It’s been a cycle of realizing this and then hating myself even more for letting people down and not getting my work done properly. Admittedly I even drank to numb myself a few times during the day (I’m thankful I’ve been able to stop that). Positive that didn’t help my productivity either.

I have a couple roles that have been open for a while and I have failed to /forgotten to schedule some candidates or send follow ups and updates to team or hiring managers. Today one Manager sent me an email about it and CCed my boss. Yesterday another manager CCed an HR person (worst part is this is my husbands cousin!) 

I am so so ashamed of myself and embarrassed that it has even gotten to this point. I am DREADING Monday and what the day will bring. I am going to have the most anxiety-filled weekend ever. I want to crawl into a ball and hide, but I know I will have to face the consequences.

I’m scared of:
1) getting fired
2) looking stupid and/or bawling on camera 
3) my cousin-in-law hating me for letting her down

I haven’t shared my mental health issues with anyone so naturally I’m sure they all just think I’m lazy and incompetent.

I just don’t know what to do. Trust me, I realize how much this is my fault. Definitely not asking for sympathy here, but if anyone has any advice on how I can approach the situation, or what to say to my boss when they inevitably confront me, please let me know. I want them to know how deeply sorry I am, that I don’t take it lightly, and I want to be better. Any advice on how to approach? I have a tendency to shutdown when faced with conflict or criticism. 
Anything can help.

Thank you all.