11yr old son came to me and said he had planned to shoot himself.
Driving to soccer practice my son told me he had planned to sneak into my room and (somehow) unlock my safe and shoot himself. Then went on to say he no longer wanted to do it.  He cited rejection from kids at school as the main source of his sadness, but as his father I have a hard time not assigning blame to everything I can think of that I might have done differently. I have personally had suicidal ideation issues since about 12 but never gone as far as a plan to actualize those thoughts. Feeling as though I passed a torch but also telling myself that it is most likely other factors ( my therapist agrees with the latter). Any advice for helping a pubescent 11yr old, and not blaming myself for everything ?

Edit: update and more info. 
You guys this chat has been amazing! Thank you to everyone involved and that took time to post! Thought I would give more background to the situation that people have asked or talked about.

We learned he was having suicidal thoughts from his school. My wife is a fifth grade teacher and received a call from my sons school that he had texted another student and mentioned he was going to kill himself. The student told their parent the parent contacted the school.  My wife immediately left with her school counselor to pick him up and take him to her school. He wasn’t saying much and didn’t give any specifics to my wife about plans, just that what she was being told was true.
      That night is when he told me of his plan but that he didn’t want to do it anymore. My therapist said it would be a good idea to get the whole family involved for support, so we also had a family meeting with his two sisters letting them know what was happening. It went amazing and everybody had a good cry and let him know how much he meant to them and how much we would miss him. I also moved my gun safe out of the house to a family members.
   The next day my wife took him to school my with her and went to see the school counselor/licensed therapist. They talked about what was going on made a safety plan and talked about coping mechanisms for him.  He will be having sessions with her regularly. 
   We now have open communication with him about his anxiety/depression levels. His thoughts of suicide he says have been minimal. He did tell me during one talk “I don’t want to die, but my brain keeps telling me I do”. He’s an very emotionally sensitive and has always been. He takes things personally and rejection is amplified because of this. 
   I feel we have moved into a better space around the situation, and he is doing well. 
   Thanks again for all the responses, they have been validating and uplifting. You all are amazing and thank you for the support !