I live a double life and it's driving me to suicide.
There's Real Me, and there's Work Me. 

Work Me clocks in 5 minutes early every shift and usually clocks out 10 minutes late. Work Me has received numerous performance-based compliments and people always tell her how great she is at customer service. Work Me is extroverted, loud, and funny. coworkers, managers, and customers all love her. Work Me has trained new employees and serves as a role model for current employees. Work Me has a picture-perfect life: brand-new car, great relationship with her parents, an awesome mentor who works at the local sheriff's office and takes her on ride-alongs for fun, and she lives in her dad's 1200-square foot furnished basement...it's like an apartment down there. Work Me has tons of friends that she hangs out with after every shift and a cute athlete boyfriend. Work Me gets straight-A's and wants to go into business at the corporate level after she graduates high school.

Then there's Real Me. Real Me comes home from work every night and cries herself to sleep, if she can get to sleep at all. Real Me has vivid nightmares almost every night. Real Me hasn't eaten in 3 days...she's too stressed to be hungry. Real Me has dropped 8 pounds in the last week, and her work clothes keep falling off her. Real Me keeps to herself...she has plenty of people who want to be her friend, quite a few even want to date her, but she's pushed them all away. People who get too close to Real Me always end up getting hurt. Real Me manually switched off the headlights of her brand-new car the other night and sped down the most winding and dangerous road in the county.....she hoped she'd crash and die but she didn't. Real Me also attempted suicide by overdose when she was 15, survived, and every day she wishes she hadn't. Real Me is several days behind on her homework and is cheating her way through her senior year of high school. Real Me was abused all her life by her mother who finally kicked her out on the street when she turned 18. Real Me now lives with her father and his girlfriend...neither of whom like her very much. Real Me did in fact have a mentor at the sheriff's office...and she ruined his career years ago after leaking his personal texts while she was drunk. It gets worse...recently Real Me found out that she is the spitting image of her mentor's high school girlfriend who killed herself when she was 16. Real Me now spends her free time researching how to obtain a firearm...Real Me doesn't want to be here anymore. 

I guess this is a cry for help.