My therapist used the privilege card to guilt shame me
Two sessions ago my therapist and I were talking about life in general and how it's not worth living, and if I ever had the chance to choose being born on not, I would definitely choose not to.

I told her that the world is objectively bad, and people should stop pumping children into such a cruel world.

The moment I said this I saw she was triggered and tried to attack me, she told me who do you think you are to decide such a thing? And just because my life is bad doesn't mean everyones life is bad too.

I was so surprised from her reaction that I couldn't even respond properly, but I felt judged and hated every moment of it, so I decided to talk with the secretary if I can get to change my therapist, because this is not the first time that she judges me because of my ideas and world views.

The secretary told me to try and talk it out with her, maybe there was a misunderstanding, and it's better than waiting for 6 months to get another therapist.

I agreed and next session told her how I felt last time, she acted personal, and maybe I should get another therapist. 

To my not so surprise she made it even worse.

She told me that I was wrong to think that way, she didn't judge me and it's all in my head, and I was privileged to have a regular weekly session with her, because most people wait at least 6 months until they find a therapist, and if I wanted to change the therapist, then I would lose that privilege.

I am so annoyed and triggered by her response and I can't believe it, how such a person got to be a therapist?? I honestly felt that she wanted to get rid of me, maybe she thought I am too difficult for her or something, idk.

Needless to say I told the secretary to change the therapist, but I feel not satisfied.

I want to file a complain on her, but I don't know if I am overreacting or not.

Do you guys think I was overreacting? That was one week ago and I am still annoyed by it.

EDIT:

Wow thank you guys for all of your support, it means a lot to me really.

I did report her to the supervisor and they told me they were sorry that I had to deal with this inconvenience and they will try to find a replacement asap.

I hope the next one will be better :D