Had DPDR, now it's completely gone. There's hope for all of you!
Hey guys. I've finally decided to post here as it's been long enough for me to say that I no longer suffer from DPDR.

My case was very severe. It all started happening a couple of months after I was diagnosed with testicular cancer. This had obviously brought a huge and unexpected anxiety upon me. At first I didn't realize what was happening to me. My brain "disconnected" from reality and I unwittingly stopped caring about pretty much anything. I literally thought I was going to die soon (my grandma died of cancer when she was still quite young so obviously I thought it's gonna happen to me as well). After a lot of blood tests, CT scans and a surgery I was told I was fortunate enough to detect it quite early and it was a stage 1 cancer. I opted for surveillance instead of chemotherapy and so far it's been 2.5 years since my diagnosis and I am completely fine :) But anyway, let's get to the point...

So after a couple of weeks I noticed I was feeling weird. I started thinking about the universe almost every day, I would look at my arms and think how f\*cking weird is that. It got to a point where every day was a torture. I used to wake up and immediately felt weird, I didn't know what was real and not. I got very scared. I couldn't even look in the mirror because I immediately thought how weird I look and what does it even mean to be alive and human. I looked at my parents and friends and I thought I didn't feel any emotions towards them. I'm pretty sure you all know exactly what I mean. Told my doctors about it and they all disregarded it and said it's probably stress from cancer diagnosis, etc. So I started googling. I came across DPDR. Started reading about it and watching youtube videos. Bingo! That's exactly what I had. I was so glad to know that I'm not going mental and it is quite a common disorder.

At the time I couldn't pinpoint if my DPDR was caused by all the anxiety and the "disconnection" from the real world after my traumatic experience or whether it could have been caused by the fact that I used to smoke weed like 4 or 5 times a week (albeit not huge amounts, usually a joint, but yeah still....) So I've decided to quit weed. Unfortunately, DPDR was still there. Then I realized. You know what, maybe it is caused purely by anxiety. I should stop thinking about it every day. And THAT'S what helped me. So I stopped watching documentaries about universe for a while (I love these but at the time they really messed with my head!). I signed up for a gym and started eating healthy. I picked up my old hobbies - video games, Netflix shows, books, etc. It did help a bit but the change was very slow. Months were passing and I've noticed that suddenly I was looking at myself in the mirror whilst brushing teeth. I felt love for my parents and my bro again. Once (and this might sound strange) I even felt anger and sadness after a girl I liked basically didn't want to keep contact anymore and I was actually happy because of that because I could finally feel emotions again! Every day it got a little bit easier.

Of course, there were still some days where those weird thoughts appeared but I've learned a little trick which I'll share with you all. Every time those weird existential thoughts come to your head just imagine you take a mental screenshot of that thought, put a big red cross over it in your head, shake your head, imagine you swipe left (or right) like on Tinder and imagine that thought goes straight to a trash bin and immediately try to put your attention towards something else. Whatever it is, just go do it quickly. Go make a sandwich, put on music, start a playstation game. The thought will quickly disappear and you won't stress about it. Trust me, you get used to it. Nowadays, I get these weird thoughts very rarely. Maybe once every 2 or 3 months? For me, it's not a problem anymore because I understand it's all in my mind and it might be because that particular day I might just be feeling anxious, etc. 2 months ago I even tried shrooms with my friends (I would never try it after I knew I had DPDR because it would make it 1000 times worse). And you know what? I had a great time! I got maybe 1 weird anxious thought but I did the trick with the red cross and a swipe and it went away.

Trust me, dpdr WILL pass. Time truly is a healer. I was so worried it would stay with me forever. I didn't believe all those people on youtube saying that it does indeed pass when you accept it. But that's the truth. It's a bit like a psychodelic trip. You have to ride it out. If you keep stressing about it you'll have a bad trip. Embrace it, accept it and keep telling yourself that it's ok. It will pass. Occupy your mind with other things. Yes, it might take a year, two, maybe even three or four but you will be back to normal.

Just wanted to share some positivity with you guys. If anyone has any questions feel free to ask :)

&amp;#x200B;

PS: I also stopped smoking weed almost entirely (I smoke maybe 1 joint every couple of months). I think this helped with getting rid of the DPDR as well.