I found photos of two abusive ex’s of mine on my moms phone tonight and she snapped at me when I asked if I could delete them
This might be all over the place since it just happened a few hours ago and I just stopped crying a bit ago.

My grandma is up visiting for the night so my immediate family got together at my moms house for dinner tonight. Before my brother &amp; his family got there, my mom and I were going through pictures on our phones to see which to send to gma since she was right there. I started going through my moms at her request and saw a file within a file all of pictures of me, nothing strange. I’m scrolling through and she’s got pictures of my ex who verbally and physiologically abused me for 3+ years. Little farther down is an ex who sexually assaulted me pictured at a friends wedding as my date. I’m immediately panicking and trying to hold my stuff together because yeah, I’m not actually allowed emotions. I ask her if so can delete pictures and she asks which ones. I show her one of the first ex and she said no because he’s part of my history and one day it’ll be okay. My mouth dropped and I told her he was abusive. She rolled her eyes and loudly exclaimed “Fine! Do whatever.” Before storming off into the kitchen. I dissociated immediately, then through autopilot drug myself outside to smoke. Mind you all of this is happening in from of my grandma who is stone silent. She knows I have ptsd from being assaulted, has seen me dissociate, knows how to tell when someone has ptsd symptoms. I come back in and delete the photos without a word and just try really really hard to be in the moment without bursting into tears.

My brother and fam get there and he doesn’t say a word to me until right before I leave. His wife can’t stand me on a good day, the bar is real low with her. His kids weren’t nearly as rambunctious as usual so I got to have fun with them. The rest of the evening I didn’t speak with anyone because no one spoke to me. I think my mom sent a text to my brother or his wife that I was “in a mood” so they just shut me off automatically.

I just want a family to love me. And I can’t even get that.