Does anyone else struggle with losing feelings in a relationship
I'm well aware that I grew up in an emotionally unavailable household. My parents owned a business since the 3rd grade and I was left to be alone with my older brother. I've been grieving my lost childhood for the past 2-3 months and honestly it feels refreshing to finally be able to acknowledge,  cry, and feel the pain for my past childhood self.  


However, one thing I wanted to bring up was emotional interest in relationships. I recently started a relationship with my girlfriend and things were going great at first. I wanted to do this for her, I liked her, and I felt good being around here. However after about 1.5 months, I remember looking at her and feeling off; like I felt like I should be feeling more. And ever since then, I feel like I've been doubting just how much I like this girl. Asking myself, "do I even like her anymore"? And it's been hard to maintain being at ease with her because of these doubts.  


Let me just preface by saying that I think this girls amazing. She's smart, kind, has a big heart. She comes from a great family and I think she's great on paper. I've had some moments where I opened up to her just about my grieving process and shes been nothing but supportive and empathic.  


However, even after this sometimes I dont feel like I like her as much as I should. Then I wonder, am I just liking her because I like the attention she gives me instead? Do I actually see "her" or am I just liking her for selfish reasons?  


For some context, I've been breaking more and more out of my emotional numbess; I can actually feel much deeper emotions now compared to two years ago. My journey's been overall great but I get so angry at myself for not being able to have a deeper authentic relationship with someone.  


I've had a history of getting "attached" quickly with someone and then that connection fizzling. Since middle school, I remember having "internet" relationships with girls and then after about a few weeks of being in a relationship with them, I would just get bored. This carried on into college where I would meet a girl, like them/fantasize the idea of them, then once I had them I would kinda disappear (im not proud of this at all). To be honest, I probably didn't even truly connect with these people, I just wanted the idea of having a girlfriend. I then had a girlfriend of two years in college, and it also fizzled out. I realized that with her, I was putting up a "front" and I felt like I played the role of what a good boyfriend should be doing. I thought I was happy, but deep down I realized that I wasn't getting the emotional connection I so desperately have been craving.

Now that I'm older and have been doing emotional work/therapy for the past 2 years, I thought I would be ready to develop and maintain a deep connection with a girl. And here comes a girl who is great on paper and I feel like I can't. I feel broken. I don't know how to describe it. I WANT to be able to have a deep connection with someone; someone who makes me feel seen. Someone who fills my emotional world up. Someone who I feel like I can look at and get this deep loving fulfillment from.  
I realize that typing all of this places HEAVY expectations on a romantic partner but it's just what I desperately want so bad.  


I'm going to speak to my therapist about all of this this week, but I just wanted to post to see if anyone has had trouble with romantic relationships. I have good stable friendships, and when I think about my life with them I feel content and happy. I feel like they understand me because they've been through so much with me. I'm wondering if maybe my expectations about feelings like this all the time with someone is a bit unrealistic but I'm not sure. It has me confused about what to do. Whats normal? Do people fall in love (not infatuation, but a healthy deep mature love) easily?