Did anyone else have to catch up on years of pop culture?
And do you have any tips?

There's so much I never had time for, I just googled it so I could talk about it. I got "caught" last night mixing up The Goonies and Gremlins- I know, I know, I know, sorry Americans. The titles run together, from an outside perspective. (I also do it with The Sandlot, Stand By Me, Holes, and... the other one that would go here).

I actually think a lot of y'all are the opposite from what I see, but I was kept alone with nothing but the bible and basic homeschool workbooks for 14 years.

I've been very busy since then flip flopping between being all out crazy and all consuming recovery, so I never started the common neglected child coping of being raised by fiction. I spend too much time in my own head. When I first got out I spent the first few years just trying to catch up on what I missed, then I've had on and off phases of putting that aside to get into current stuff until talking with people makes me realize how much background I'm missing and then it's just an endless loop. 

It's not just a social concern and I'm not overthinking (quite as much as it appears). I'm a bartender in the US. It's actually quite normal for us to google the basics of stuff so we can talk to people, it's a competitive edge that can affect our money and developing regulars, and it seems weird/bad that I don't keep up even to my coworkers. Yes, I have some skill at controlling work conversations but I'm so sick of this exhausting minefield. I'm so caught between new and old stuff and I don't know which is more important anymore. People seem to take it the *worst* if I don't know age appropriate nostalgic stuff, but when I don't know new things, they get judgey and question me about why I'm so busy. I do have two jobs, but the real answer is still intensive therapy and hours sitting around completely frozen. 

I've always approached this like studying. Google, wikipedia, reviews, social media, buzzfeed articles about social media highlights, take notes, even make flashcards. It works but it doesn't, as evidenced by last night's mix up. I try to watch/read/hear what I can, but focus on things I'd actually want to watch. Anyone done this more successfully?

If anyone wants to mention anything at all that would be "normal" for me to know, I'll always take it. I'm 29 in the US. I was born in 1992. I joined the world in 2008. I've had the most trouble staying current again since 2016ish. Not just movies and tv. Music has been super hard. Stand up. Radio. Comics. I'm not really interested but I've never played a video game, at all. Celebrity hijinks. Slang. Internet tropes. Progression of socials everyone has used and the stereotypes of each one. Emojis with double meanings. Abbreviations. Memes. Viral YouTube. Youtubers and their controversies. The biggest new thing I'm behind on any awareness of is podcasts. Trying to catch up on all the rest, old and new at once, has been so time consuming I'm barely aware podcasts are a thing now and the context of this major cultural position they suddenly hold. I've never used tiktok or snapchat. How real is the "fake disorder trend"? Was manspreading a real controversy? What do "based, pilled, and mood" really mean/imply? I know the idea from the movie, I think I'm missing something when people use pilled culturally. Are most of the people who use it still fringe? 

December 25 I may use as another day focused on this problem. I have Star Trek, 90s white people music, idk some comedy or murder podcast, and different levels of smiley emojis on the list right now, for a combination of consuming and studying. 

The biggest thing I caught myself up on for myself is books btw, including age appropriate kids/YA that I should have read. If anyone has any questions there I can maybe help!

Thanks whoever made it this far.