I had to be perfect.
I had to be perfect.

I’m feeling angry these days. It’s an emotion that is still new to me. Growing up at my dad’s I had to be happy at all times. If I didn’t display a good mood, I would get in trouble. Seriously! Did anyone else get told by family members that you would show “crocodile tears” or that your crying was a “crock of shit”? I feel still hurt by typing this out! Especially when I was a young girl, I was sensitive. Now I feel so silly as an adult crying. I have to make sure no one looks at me or that I am alone when I happen to tear up. I also sometimes try to stop myself from crying by looking up. 

But yes. My step-mum and dad were the type of people that wanted to show others that they had the perfect life. Big house. Nice clothes. “Perfect” daughter (who ended up getting dx with bipolar type 2, adhd w autistic traits, and an eating disorder in the future). Nice garden. One big phony family. 

But inside that big house, was so empty and cold. Colder than the relationship between my dad and step-mum. I couldn’t explore my individuality. I had to look a certain way, act a certain way … I couldn’t open up to my dad or stepmum about my mental health (I have a ‘lovely’ story to share one day on this subreddit abt an incident regarding them and my mental health). I even tried coming out bisexual to them when I was 14 and I got my ass kicked. Imagine if they found out now that I am a lesbian? I think my dad predicted it, as he would call me a “dyke” all the time. I had to stop bringing my friends over because he thought we would have a lesbian orgy in the basement. Mind you, I was 16 when he said that to me. 

I just don’t understand why they wanted to paint a picture that we were perfect? Just thinking about it exhausts me. Everyday I am so grateful I had the balls to run away. If I was still trapped living there, I think I would have killed myself by now. My dad and stepmum don’t even bother to reach out to stop me. But I’m relieved they don’t, or I would leave the country. I think I was always a problem to them once I was in my teens. 

I am so sorry for venting here. I want to let everyone know is that I am in a much better state of mind. I am just finally processing the things that happened to me as a kid, and how fucked up it actually was. For the longest time I thought I was the bad guy. I am thankful for DBT, my friends, and biological mum, and this subreddit for helping me. It finally feels good to share the things that happened to me in a safe space, because no one really understands CEN like us. It baffles me that I was abused and it took me ages to realise that.