Don't move back in with your parents kids
Cw: suicidal ideation

Moved back in with my mom due to covid/job reasons and it's been miserable.

I've been mentally shot back to how I felt in high school. I didn't realize just how *bad* my depression was back then. I forgot how little space, physically and emotionally, I'm expected to take up. 

It's not a big house, and my mother insists on the living room being her (WFH) office, so I spend under 10% outside of my room. I have condensed six years of living with my partner into this tiny room, plus our 'living room' crammed into the corner of the real living room.

I'm chronically ill and unemployed and because of covid I just have *nothing* going on, basically ever. Communication with my partner, which we both pride ourselves on, has been increasingly difficult. My mom interfered with and judged every frienship/relationship I ever had growing up. I think I'm afraid she's going to break this one too. 

My partner has a job and wants to leave as soon as possible. I mean, I do to, but worse than living here woild be leaving and then having to come back. I'm fully done with my mom at this point, she's unwilling to change or introspect to improve our relationship. I find it difficult to be in the same room as her at all anymore. 

I just feel so stuck. I can't just go and get a job (see chronic illness and having been unemployed now for the whole pandemic). I can't make a job happen for my partner. I can barely take care of myself most days anymore and I can't tell if it's my body or my brain that's malfunctioning. 

I just want *out*. Out of this house. Out of this stupid fucking pandemic. Out of the social obligations of living with the single most narcissistic roommate I've ever had. 

I've been suicidal since week two of being here and there's just no end in sight. I'm tired of being depressed all the time. It's exhausting. I can't play with my dog, I barely interact with my partner, I just lay in bed and spiral anxiously. I feel like such a burden. (I know that's from my mom too lmao) 

Moving in here was just the worst idea. two years of global plague didn't fuck with my head as two and a half months back here. I didn't expect a lot of accommodation from her, but fuck if I haven't bent over r backwards because I don't see another choice. She's already threatened ("Well if this isn't working out...") several times like I have anywhere else to go. Thanks for the housing insecurity, mom, because I didn't already get enough of *that* growing up. 

I don't know what I want out of this post, probably just a rant. Maybe a tiny brag of playing the no contact game in a five room house. (8 rooms if you count bathrooms and the kitchen/living room as actually two rooms)