Entitled MIL insults my baby name choice
I (27F) am pregnant with my first child with my husband (29M). We still haven't decided on a first name for our child, but I made the choice (which my husband wholeheartly supports) to give her the middle name of a deceased friend of mine whom I loved very much. My dear MIL visited us over the weekend and not only trashes our home but pays me no mind at all during her entire visit. All she does is fuss over how my husband is going to be a dad and she's going to be a grandma, ignoring the woman literally carrying her grandchild. The most interaction she has had with me so far is barking orders at m. On Sunday night during dinner however, (after she insulted my cooking) she turned to my husband and said " so dear what name are you going to give the baby?" I piped up since I'm fed up with her acting like my husband is the one who's carrying her grandkid. "Well Mrs. X, we haven't decided on a first name yet, but her middle name will be \_\_\_\_\_\_ (the aforementioned friend's name) in honor of one of my best friends who died a few years back, if you have any suggestions for her first name, we'd be more than happy to hear them." This woman turns and gives me the dirtiest look I've ever received in my life. She proceeds with a long stupid rant, "First of all why was I not informed that you had already made a choice regarding my granddaughter's name. Did you even consult (my husband) when you decided to give the baby that name?! Look, I'm sure your friend was a great person but I don't approve of the name at all! I'm sorry, the person may have been nice butt the name isn't nice at all! Instead of honoring the girl by naming my grandbaby after her, why don't you honor her by raising the child to be a good, religious, pious lady??!!! Oh wait, you can't I suppose. Your a lazy, good-for-nothing, useless junkie. Your the opposite of what a mom should be. I'm ashamed that your carrying my grandchild, slut!" At this point I left and cried up in my room. From what I heard, my husband yelled at her for what she said and kicked her out. As of now, I've blocked her on everything and had my husband withdraw ourselves from Christmas dinner with his side of the family. The whole ordeal also reminded my of the trauma of losing the friend i mentioned. I really hope my daughter doesn't inherit anything from that awful woman. Thanks for reading &lt;3

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: wow i didn't expect this to blow up thanks for all the love in the comments! Since so many people are asking, the friend's name is Genesis, she was my best friend through high school and college and died in 2018. We're still picking the first name, but we're leaning towards Selene. Thanks for all the love again and Merry Christmas if you celebrate and have a wonderful new year full of happiness, love, and prosperity!