My Mom (53f) tries to convince me (28m) not to have kids with my SO.
UPDATE: A ton of support and a lot of valid concerns here. I put it under this sub less because of what my Mom said and more of how she approached the situation. My SO and I have talked about it and we will do genetic testing when the time is right. 

This happened about a year ago. I came home to visit the family for Father’s day. I live 8 hours away for a very good reason. The conversation went something like this and was kinda out of the blue. 

Mom: “So you and (insert gf name here) have been together for a long time.” 

Me: “3 and a half years. It is a long time.”

Mom: “You think you guys will get married and have kids.” 

Me: “Most likely.” 

Mom: “You know not everyone has kids.”

Me: “I know but adaption is expensive. I mean so is having kids but… its just not the avenue we want to take. We want our own kids.”

At this point the conversation was starting to get a bit awkward. If you want to adopt more power to you. But, unless we can’t have them biologically, we just want our own. Its a very personal choice. 

Mom: “Well I’m not talking about adoption. Some people just choose to not have kids with their significant other at all.” 

I was starting to get annoyed at this point. 

Me: “What are you trying to say?” 

Mom: “ I mean between you having Aspergers Syndrome, Epilepsy, and (insert gf’s name here) with her issues it might not be a good idea. She will get pregnant. Then gain more weight then she already has. Its just a bad combination. What if she abuses your kids with the way she was raised?” 

A bit of background here. My Mom knew about all of our personal and medical history and used it against us like this. My epilepsy is from brain damage and fully controlled on medication. Nothing to do with genetics. My gf, now my fiancée, has Fibromyalgia (she takes meds for it), ptsd (she was physically abused as a child by her Dad), suffers from Anxiety, possibly MS (it runs in her family on her Mom’s side) and is currently being tested for sleep apnea. I’m still over the moon in love with her and absolutely none of that matters. I was furious with my Mother. So mad I had to take a walk just so I didn’t lose my cool. Then I walked back home. 

Me:” I love you. But don’t ever mention anything like this again.”

To this day my mother hasn’t brought up kids but she still has plenty to say about my fiancée. Screw off Mom.