Entitled mom wanted me to do her daughters nails, even though I don’t have a nail license
(I deleted my last post because I miss worded the title. I’m so sorry! I’m on my break so I’m trying to get this post out before I go back. My apologies again! It should be fixed now. Thank you so much to the person that pointed it out. I’m scatter brained, as you can see haha Thank you again!)

I love doing my own nails. Because I’ve had a lot of bad experiences at nail shops, I decided I was going to buy my own supplies and do them myself. I can control hygiene, design, length of the nails, etc. I’ve become pretty good at it as well, with over 5 years experience doing my own nails.

I do my own nails ONLY. No one else. I don’t have a license and I don’t plan on getting one.

I was in the red bullseye store getting some cookies for an at home date night with my partner. I reach out to grab the cookies and a lady says “Oh my god! Your nails are beautiful!” I tell her thank you as I smile through my mask and try to walk away. I did a blue base with rainbows and clouds for my nails last week, [here](https://imgur.com/a/qKPbhhT) if you want to check them out! (It’s not an advertisement since I only do my own nails and I’m anon, so don’t worry!)

“Where did you get them done?”

“I do them myself.” I tell her. Her eyes widen.

“No way. That’s amazing. My daughter goes to [XYZ] to get her nails done but they charge way too much for the simple stuff she gets. Can you tell me what your salon name is?”

“I don’t have a salon,” I reply. “I just do my own nails myself because it costs less than going to a salon. I understand your daughter’s frustration though. That’s why I started to do my own nails.” I said. I get awkward around people chatting me up out of the blue.

She pauses and then she asks me if I’m able to come over and do her daughter’s nails and that she’d pay. I tell her no because I don’t have a license to do nails and that I don’t trust myself to do someone else’s nails. Entitled mom glares at me. “Then get a license. It shouldn’t be hard, right?”

I tell her “No, I don’t think you understand. I don’t WANT to get a license to do nails. I just want to do my own. I’m sorry I can’t help you.”

She gets a bit angry and seems frustrated herself. She tells me that i’m gatekeeping my talent for nails and that she’ll pay me anything so that her daughter can get her nails done. I’m not sure how old her daughter even is. I don’t even want to go to her house to do a service that I don’t want to do in the first place. That’s dangerous, plus illegal without the certification.

At that point, I was just like ‘what the-‘ and just slowly backed away with my sugar cookies and checked out. I didn’t understand why this woman was so adamant about me doing her daughter’s nails. I’m thankful that she liked my nails, but people like her don’t understand boundaries. No is a full sentence. If I don’t want to do something, I shouldn’t have to be guilted into doing it. I only have experience on myself. I can tell if I’m too rough on my natural nails because I can feel it. I don’t want to hurt someone else accidentally and cause a scene that I didn’t even want to be in, especially without a license. It’s a liability on my part. Nope!