My future MIL is driving me NUTS
So, my fiance's (of 7 years) mother has been saying certain things to me throughout my pregnancy, which has been making me highly uncomfortable. Her and I didn't have the best history for a while (she can be VERY judgemental and likes to make her opinion known to everyone BUT the person it's about.) 
She's called me everything under the sun, but a few years ago.. she noticed she wasn't getting rid of me and tried to start being nice to me.
She is a very manipulative lady, and I don't take much to heart anymore after what we have been through. She lies to make herself look better, takes credit for other's actions and paints it her own.
She has touched my pregnant belly a few times without consent which made me extremely upset! 

She is super excited because this will be the first baby in the whole family for 20 years, and has been entitling herself to MY unborn baby. 
She claims she has been fixing up her new room in the house just for the baby and her to have time together (even though she's been slowly working on this room even before I became pregnant and just tries to make herself look good.)

She's been calling my baby hers and has been TELLING me things instead of asking me... like when she has the baby, when we do this, when I'm delivering, she says she WILL be in the delivery room. 
she is starting to make me extremely mad and uncomfortable, acting as if OUR baby is HER baby. I know she is excited, but she's crossing so many boundaries. 

I told my partner that I would flip like an omelette if she is anywhere near me while I deliver this baby... She also claims that she's quitting smoking just for us (which my fiance laughed at, because she's said it before) and she smokes HEAVILY in her house.. I'm talking CHAIN SMOKING! (I don't even go inside, because she will smoke with me right next to her without a care.) She is night and day!! 
Honestly, I don't even want her at the hospital when I'm giving birth, because she is going to want to hold her, which I do NOT want when she is first born. I feel like she is claiming her and overstepping a lot of boundaries with me.

I don't want our baby near her because of how heavily she smokes and she insists that we are going to be bringing our baby to HER home when she is needing to watch her. I don't smoke and I only have 2 cats as pets, while she has 9-10 cats in her home. I do not want our newborn around her home due to the smoke and dander, and knowing the kind of woman she is, she's not going to stop smoking in her own home.
I want her to come to our house (which is 10 minutes away) because it's smoke free, we barely have any pet dander because we clean the place (no offense to her, but it's a bit smelly and not so clean at her house) and we wouldn't have to lug all of the baby stuff to her place.
When we got our pack n play, she said "that's coming to grandma's right??" and I told her it was broken (it did break after it was gifted to us).
After she said I was killing my baby (to her daughter) because I craved spicy ramen, and said multiple comments about certain things she shouldn't have, I don't want to even deal with her at all. 

She is NOT the type of woman to keep her word, and I'm about ready to explode on her entitled behavior. My fiance is getting sick of it too, to the point where he doesn't even want to answer his phone, because she only has negative things to say about someone, or she's looking for a pity party. 
I NEED to make it known my boundaries, but knowing her... she will curse me to other people and take it so hard, to where we won't hear the end of it. It's so hard dealing with her manipulative side because she's just not giving a single dang about anyone's feelings. 
I hate dealing with this kind of thing, because I can tend to have a short temper, while my partner is good at tiptoeing around her for a reason.. 
How do you even deal with someone this way???