EM wants me to seat her and her party of 18 RIGHT NOW
So, at my previous job, I (19f) was only a hostess. I worked downtown, in a fairly popular family owned Mexican restaurant. We had a rule that after 3pm, parties needed to be complete before we even began looking for tables to put them at. Your party is here? If you were complete, we sat you first. This caused many MANY problems with entitled people. 

So it’s a festival day. That means all parties complete NO MATTER WHAT. EM comes in- a party of 18, incomplete; 7/18, and 3 of them are small children. It’s a 30-45 minute wait once her party gets here. She’s huffy, but agrees to wait. 

About 10 minutes later, another (completely innocent) lady comes in- also a party of 18, also incomplete; 10/18. She has two babies in carriers. I tell her the same thing as EM. She agrees.

30 minutes later, the innocent lady comes to the hostess stand. Her party is 16/18, but she wants to be seated now. I politely start to tell her that I can’t, but she tells me- rather tearfully- that EM’s kids are coming over and disturbing her babies- rocking the carriers, getting in the babies’ faces, etc. They won’t stop. I inform EM she needs to control her kids. EM haughtily refuses and tells me to stop parenting her children. 

At this point, I have to get my manager. He can remove EM, or can give me the authority to get tables set up for innocent lady. He tells me, set up the table, and tell her she can have a free appetizer for her trouble. I do the things. I head back out front and sit the lady.

I come back, and EM is at the hostess stand, red in the face. 

EM: “Why did you seat HER?! I’ve been here for 45 minutes!! I HAVE KIDS!!”

Me: “Ma’am, your party is still 9/18. Her party was 2 short. And your children were disturbing her babies after being warned not to.”

EM: “I WANT YOU TO SEAT ME RIGHT NOW YOU HATEFUL BITCH!! I KNOW THE OWNER!!”

Me: “That’s nice ma’am. Perhaps he can help sort this out. Let me go grab him.” 

EM: “Wait what-“

It being a small restaurant, getting [Owner] was an easy task. EM was told she needed to leave right now- or else the cops would be called. She and her heathen children left.