BF's mother takes away the gifts I gave him.
Hi everyone, this is older incident from 3 years ago. Christmas is close and bf (Tom) remembered about it. Tom has posted a lot about his mother's treatment towards me and him (u/WhoStoleMyCake).

Tom is an amazing guy, kind, always cared about me and defended me, he did so many great things for me. I love him more than anyone. 

But, his mother and I... (*remembers the arguments and the times I got to be asshole*) never really liked each other because of her opinions about some things about me and my family.

Christmas 2018, Tom and I were together for half a year. I got him a Red Dead Redemption 2 and a hoodie to replace the one I stole from him the previous month and didn't exactly return it. 

Well, his mother wasn't exactly happy with the idea of us 2 exchanging gifts because *I'm not the right one and a bad person/influence* (literally the only thing I influenced him in at that point is his music taste and by his words, healthier lifestyle, I don't see those as bad influence...), and that *we're too young and irresponsible for things like this* or something like that.

Well, both the game and hoodie ended up being taken away by mother. Tom's father was against it, he appealed for him to return the things, atleast to me. When she refused, I had the (dis)pleasure of the first bigger argument.

Me: ,,Hello, I gave Tom some things. They cost me some money, so I'd like if you gave it back to him or atleast me"  (you bet I'd give it to Tom anyway)

M: ,,No, you know I don't support him playing games and that I don't support you two being together. It's your fault that you gave it to him knowing this!"

Me: ,,So? It's my thing what I do with money, it is none of yours business. I want the things back!"

M: ,,I don't care what you want, it's your fault, go away and don't be disrespec-"

Me: ,,Not without the stuff you fucking stole from a fucking 16 year old. Don't you feel bad? I'd be goddamn ashamed if I was you!"

M: ,,I can't believe I'm being lectured by a brat like you!"

Me: ,,I can't believe you even have the need to do other's lives miserable like that."

M: ,,No, I'm just doing what is right for my son! I'm not going to let him to keep being influenced by you and get in trouble because of you!"

*enter Tom's father*

F: ,,Look, I don't want issues, come OP, I'll give you the things, just promise me you won't give them to Tom."   *takes me to where mother put the things*

F: ,,Actually, give them to Tom if you want, but don't to it so obviously."

I thanked him, took the things and gave them to Tom few days later. He and mother did het into an argument about them, but she didn't take the things again.