My entitled aunt and her evil kids killed our snake
Okay so this happened a couple of years ago, to give some context, my aunt (entitled aunt), and her hell spawn kids (entitled kid 1, 2, and 3) came to visit us for a couple of weeks. Now, I have always hated them, ever since I was a kid  her hell spawns would destroy my things, push me and when I started to develop more, entitled kid 1 (he was 12 when I was 13) even tried to grab my chest! I would obviously get upset, but any time I got mad EA would threaten to hit me, so I’m always weary of them. A year before this story, my sister got a snake for her birthday, she  was a beautiful diamond jungle python we named Aria. we all loved her, she was completely healthy and happy the entire time we had her… until our EA and her ban wagon of cunts crawled out of hell and into our spare room. My sister new they were coming so she had locked her door and put a sign up that specifically states that NO ONE can go in her room.  EA had seen pictures of Aria up on Facebook and after her brats got bored of torturing me, they moved their sights to my sister and her snake. EA started nagging that my sister should let her ‘precious’ kids play with Aria, my sister said no every time they asked and this made EA MAD. So she started getting a butter knife to unlock my sister door,  (our locks aren’t secure and a knife can unlock them) and let her kids play with the snake, she would do this every time me, my sister and my mum weren’t around, and my dad let her, hell, he even helped! Throughout their stay we noticed Aria acting weird, we’d find little injuries on her that we couldn’t explain, we thought rats might have gotten into her cage but we couldn’t find anything, we question EA but of course she denied everything. We were suspicious and stopped leaving them alone in the house with either me or my sister making sure they left sisters room alone, it e we parked until the last day of their visit, when EA told us that her kids needed to say goodbye to the snake since they had “so much fun playing with it” we were HORRIFIED, but our dad just shrugged and said that they were our guests. Nearly a couple days since the visit from hell passed and Arias condition was Bering worse, we took her to the vet and found out she had an infection, the EKs are very unhygienic and we had no doubt that this was their fault ( we were always sure to keep Arias cage clean and to wash out hands) and not long after, Aria passed away due to her infection. We were gutted and of course EA was soooo offended that we even suspected her ‘angels’ of such a thing. So we cried and gave our girl a funeral, no amazing end but still thought  I’d share.

Ps. I posted another story about my dad and EA if anyones interested!