entitled mom demanded a refund after her son ate ice cream w/ nuts in it
this happened a couple years back so idk if this is the thread to post this story, if not, my bad mods!

i was about 17 working at this undisclosed ice cream place and this woman orders ice cream for her 3kids. i can’t remember all the ice cream she ordered, but what matters is she ordered ice cream with pralines in it for her one son and did not mention any allergies. anyways, after they’re finished, she comes storming up to the counter with an empty cup. she calls me over and says, “what the hell are these?” pointing at these little tan pieces at the bottom of the cup. i say, “those are pralines, ma’am.” her face twisted into the angriest and meanest expression i’ve seen on a woman, she begins shouting, “are those nuts? my son has a peanut allergy! you’re telling me you served my son peanuts!” and i reply, “those aren’t peanuts, they’re pralines. i’m sorry, but we need to know beforehand if someone has a peanut allergy because we cross contaminate a lot. if you need, i can call 911 for you.” she stops me and says, “no! i want a refund.” i’m a little taken aback because if your child has a nut allergy, wouldn’t you want someone to call 911? i reply, “i’m sorry, but due to our policy, i can’t give you a refund since he ate the whole thing, but i can call 911.” she gets even angrier and starts screaming some variation of, “he didn’t know there were nuts in it! my son might die and you won’t even give me a refund!” and she keeps repeating that she wants a refund and that we’re killing her son. i ask her if she has an epipen and she says no and i recommend her to go to a doctor if it’s that serious of an allergy, but she keeps saying she wants a refund for all the ice cream first. my manager, who was in the back, finally comes out and asks about the situation. the lady explains and my manager, as a mother, starts yelling at the lady, “if your son is having an allergic reaction then why are you standing here demanding a refund? take him to the ER!” (which btw, the lady’s kids were by themselves at the table). the lady replies, “i’m taking him to the ER as soon as i get my refund!” which was like less than $15 dollars, like you’re more concerned about $15 than your son’s life? my manager also asked if she has an epipen and the lady says no, i also let my manager know at some point during this altercation that the lady never told me about her son having a nut allergy so my manager eventually says to her (after some back and forth) that, “since you didn’t let us know beforehand, it’s not our responsibility so we can’t give you a refund. i recommend you leave and take your kid to the fucking ER.” the lady finally gives up and grabs her children and says that she’s never coming here again since we don’t care about our customers. this whole interaction lasted about 10-15min which should’ve escalated this child’s condition to “really bad” for lack of better terms. she yells at her child that now she’s gotta take him to the ER because he ate nuts and we never saw her again.