EK tries to steal switch while EM doesn’t understand I am deaf
TL;DR Crazy EM is okay with her EK stealing my switch while employees stand by doing nothing. Random Chad saves my butt. Then went home and gave my dog cuddles.
 

Cast: EM- Karen  EK- Her bratty kid  OP-Me  E1 - Mall Employee E2 - Other Mall Employee  Chad - Random Passerby

Hello there, first time poster long time lurker. One VERY important note is that I am 100% Deaf. Also I’m 14M

One day, I was chilling at the mall and was playing a game on my switch. (BOTW) After about 20 minutes playing on my switch. When EM snaps her fingers in front of my face and tries talking to me. Obviously to no avail. So I do the universal term for “I sign” expecting her to get it. She didn’t and kept trying to talk to me. This lady did NOT get it so I pack up my switch and walk away. Now as I was walking away, this INSANE lady grabs the back of my shirt and pulls me backwards. I fall and hit the back of my head. I didn’t know why she was doing this, I was so confused and started crying. I get up and see a kid behind her almost in tears. For a second I though he felt bad for me. From lip reading, I concluded the kid wanted my switch. I didn’t care. I tried to run to E1 and E2 to talk to them. I got there and did the American Sign Language for “Help!” From the clueless look they did not understand me. Of course they didn’t. I kept trying to communicate when EK comes and unzips my backpack and steals my switch. The employees do nothing, so I run after him. After chasing him for about 2 minutes I tripped and that little brat kept running. I felt super dazed at that point and just laid there in tears. Then Chad came up to me with a security guard. I once again did the universal sign for “I sign” even though it did not work well last time. Chad signed back “I do also” I felt so relived. But then got back to the matter at hand. I told the security guard (through Chad) about the EM and then he said something into his Walkie-Talkie. Chad was signing basic questions like, “Does it hurt” “How bad” and other questions like that. He took me to the food court and bought me a hot dog. Later the security guard came back with EM, EK, and my switch. After showing my library card thats name matched with the name written with white sharpie the security guard gave me my switch back which I put in its case and tucked in my backpack. Me and the security guard were talking using Chad as an interpreter and he asked if I wanted to press charges, I didn’t as my parents were not with me or in state. I was staying at a friends house while they visited family in Canada (I have school) So that was that. And then I walked to my house, pet my adorable doggo which I love soo much. Filled up her food bowl and water, and then went to my friends house. Sadly being Deaf, this happens a lot more than it should and this is not my only entitled parent[s] story.

Edit: People in the comments, please have mercy on me. My parents were literally in a different country and I felt intimidated in the moment. I just felt I should have had guidance in the situation and I did not. I will discuss with my parents when they get home

Edit 2: Anyone that desires to learn ASL (American Sign Language) Check [here](https://m.youtube.com/c/LearnHowtoSign)

Edit 3: I love answering peoples questions! If you have any questions that a actual deaf person can answer that you are too afraid to ask on r/deaf DM me. I may not be able to answer them all tho. Also, I might ask y’all who DM me some questions too. Like rhyming. I don’t, get rhyming.