Pumpkin carving almost ruined my (24m) relationship.
So I’m 28 now. This happened years ago and I have changed a lot sense then. Lol I thankfully moved 8 hours away from home with my fiancée shortly after this occurred. I should have done that a long time ago. I recently had a falling out with my family as a result of everything they have done. Here is one of those stories. 

This happened about 4ish years ago. I had just started dating my gf. I have had epilepsy for 17 years and had to leave college again to move back in with my Mom and her ex-fiancé. I was getting to know my gf’s family for the first time. It was so much fun. I enjoyed spending time with someone I wasn’t related to. 

Her brother, his wife, and their kids all invited me to go pumpkin carving with them and a few of her relatives. Celebrating Halloween right in my opinion. It was a big event they had every year. They all took off work just to be there. It was gonna be great. 

So my gf picked me up from work and drove me home really quick to grab my seizure meds. On the way home I texted my Mom to let her know I was headed out to go pumpkin carving with her family for the rest of the night. She texted back and said no because she was making dinner later. Take into consideration that my Mom was aware of the event, because it had to be moved once already, and never said anything about dinner. 

I told my Mom we can save the dinner for leftovers tomorrow and that I really wanted to go. So we park on the other side of the street and I head into the house. I come out get in the car and my Mom comes trailing right behind me. The convo went something like this. 

Mom: “He can’t go. He has dinner with his family.”

Gf: “ But my whole family will be there and this event was moved just so they could meet him.” 

Mom: “Then move it again.”

Gf: “I can’t.”

At this point my Mom comes over to the driver’s side of the car and its making my gf really uncomfortable so I chime in. 

Me: “Mom back up a bit. We already talked about this. I really want to go and its just for one day.” 

Mom:”I’m sorry you can’t go. She is trying to separate you from your family. You will have to reschedule. (Insert my name here) get out of the car.”

Me: “No.”

Mom: “Get out right now!” 

At this point my gf, seeing I have trouble standing up for myself, goes off on my Mom. Both of them can be a bit overprotective. 

Gf: “ He just wants to have a good time with my family. What is your problem! And Please step away from my car.” 

My Mom gets closer. And is starting to make me nervous. 

Mom: “You are abusing someone with a disability!! Now get out the car and you (jabs finger at my gf aggressively, get off of my property!” 

I actually got really pissed and hurt by this comment from my Mom because I had just been diagnosed with ASD. She knew that. And my gf wasn’t even on the property. She parked across the street. 

Gf: “ GTF away from my car and stop acting like a b**tch!” 

So my gf did use some colorful language here that might have been out of line but my Mom was being extremely rude. For some stupid reason I got out of the car and go inside. I missed part of the convo at this point but obviously it didn’t get any better I argued with my Mom some more and regret giving in to her demands. We ultimately rescheduled Pumpkin carving and it was a blast. This is one story of many. Tune in next time when my Mom tells me my now fiancée and I shouldn’t have kids.