Entitled mom grabs my arm to tell me: "Drawing on yourself is harmful and satanic!"
I was talking about tattoos with my husband when my subconscious unlocked this gem of a memory the other day.

This happened midway though my highschool years. I've always been an artsy girl with the social skills of a cat(nice one minute but a total asshole the next), that's when I'm able to be social at all if my anxiety would allow it. One of my favorite forms of art is tattooing and I used to draw on my arm, legs, and feet with sharpie atlease once a week. I've always been a nerdy goth girl so my designs would look gothic with a touch of gamer and anime themes. At one point I learned about henna tattoos and fell in love with the style so I would do a hybrid of henna and gothic, which was the style I had on my hand and arm at this time.

This happened at a corner store that was at the entrance of my apartment complex. I would always get a quick snack and some juice from it after getting off the bus with some friends but this day I left my money at home so I ran home and headed there by myself. I walked pass these ladies, one was sitting in a chair, and kids that were outside the store talking and said "Hi. Excuse me." as I went around them to go in the store. They even said something along the lines of "oh how sweet. Young kids aren't polite like that these days." as I went in. I get my stuff and come out to the lady that was sitting and I went to smile and nod when she looks me over and noticably frowns. One thing I forgot to mention is that I lived in a city/area that has been dubbed "the holy city" because of the amounts of churches in the area, and being goth was always looked down on by religious people long before I even came into this world. So I thought that her frown was because of my all black clothing and intended to walk by quickly before she said something when she freaking grabs my arm! She then went on and said "you shouldn't do this to your body! Drawing satanic symbols and all this garbage is bad for your soul!" What was SO satanic that this lady thought it was appropriate to grab a minor over? A rose with vines that leaded to my fingers and wrist that switched to a henna design. I tried to pull away saying "it's not satanic, I just do this for fun." but she gripped my arm saying "well you still shouldn't do that because the markers are toxic! I had to stop my kids for drawing on their skin too before the ink got through their skin and into their blood. It's just as bad as real tattoos which is a sin!" I was getting anxious at this point because unwanted physical contact is a big no for me but surprisingly instead of my usual people pleasing remorseful self, this lady brought out the bitch in me that day and I pulled away saying "listen, I use non toxic markers! And a freaking rose isn't satanic! You aren't my mom, lady!" I stormed off as she screamed out "you're gonna go to hell!" Which wasn't the first or last time I'd be told that so I brushed it off.

(Side note: My family is religious btw and my mom loves my art and supports it and the fact that I'm goth. Even when family that I added on my Facebook saw that I shared stuff with gothic clothing &amp; art and they're first reaction was to run to my mom and tattle on me, my mom was like "um yeah? So you think that I'd live with my daughter and not know anything about her life or interest?" My mom wasn't the best mom but atlease she supported your interest lol)

TLDR: Entitled mom grabbed my arm over a freaking fake rose and henna tattoo that I drew on with a sharpie.