Entitled Aunt Ruin’s Hanukkah for my family
Ok so for some backstory I live in a almost all Jewish community In Texas I am 14 there are only 2 houses that are not Jewish. My family are Orthodox Jews but my aunts and cousins are not, we still have them over for Hanukkah at least for 2-4 nights bc my school gets off 4 days for Hanukkah and it is nice to see them. This does not normally cause any issues but for the past year or so my aunt has become more picky and self entitled. 


This following Hanukkah we were having them over for 2 days and the first problem accrued when they first arrived McDonald’s in hand, now my family’s rules are no non kosher food in the house but they were almost done so my mom let it slide.


The second problem was when we sat down for lunch that day my mom, me and my 4 siblings all helped make a big meal while my cousins were playing Xbox upstairs. We yelled to them that it was time to eat so they came down. Bc there is 7 of us normally we have a 8 person table so I just went and got 2 extra chairs and thought nothing abt it. Now My aunt was mad that I put my little cousins chair next to mine idk why so I just moved it. During the whole dinner my aunt was making disgusted faces. 



The third problem was after dinner when we’re lighting the candles I asked my cousins to pls put on a kippah(the little hat men were) as all the boys in a room of prayer do so and they did so no problem but my aunt saw that as a problem and as me trying to force them into religion so I told them they can go upstairs while we do this but my cousins wanted to watch so my dad escorted my aunt to the other room and all we herd was banging from the door, keep in mind it was not locked and she knew that. After that my cousins slept with me and my little brother and my aunt slept in the gust room witch she was also mad about.



 Skip ahead to the next day at dinner my aunt said that she found a really good kosher restaurant and it was on its way to our house so we had nothing cooked or ready to eat at the moment. 20 min pass and the doorbell rings and I open the door to a few bags that say KFC I tell the driver that he must have the wrong hose and my aunt steps in and takes the food. My mom and my family were pissed bc my aunt knew our rules and still knowing violated them, and lied about it. And it wasn’t the first time it had happened either. My mom kicked them out of our house and I haven’t seen her since but I do still play Xbox with my cousin.