Entitled parent tried to get me kicked out but instead landed me in the hospital
To start off I  have extremely bad anxiety to the point I am on medication to calm myself and have been taken to the hospital because of my attacks and the harm to do to myself during them , and last year I got my dog ( a type of mastiff) pinkie verified as a service animal and trained to stop these reflexes as well was to warn other off attacks . she is licensed to be taken almost anywhere 



My family traditionally does Holliday's at home but last year in particular a a lot of people agreed to go so we couldn't. Instead we had rented half of a restaurant paid by myself ( as I do have a job) and my mother tho she paid the majority because at the time I was making half what I do now. My brother his sister my sister my dad my mom my step dad my aunt my girlfriend my grandma my great grandma and more had attended but the one that caused the issue was my brothers new wife. I do not look anything like my brother as he has red hair and green eyes I have dark brown hair and grey eyes tho my girlfriend had bright red hair green eyes freckles and even got lip injections recently. We joke she looks just like my brother if he were a girl ( mind you I must say I prefer she/they and beforehand said girlfriend was told he had a sister)

The dinner had started nicely and everyone had ordered a special meal just for them but the rest was a unlimited amount of food my grandmother had ordered ahead of time and all of this was for Thanksgiving. My Tibetan mastiff pinkie was setting beside me sniffing me every once and awile 


My brothers wife has two kids one of which wanted to play with pinkie  to which I instructed " please do not distract her.  She is working. " well the kid didn't stop and eventually told his mother that the dog wouldn't play with him. To which she told me to " stop being so stuck up just let your stupid dog play with the kid " I informed her quickly it was not going to happen because the room was loud and I hadn't gotten to take my medicine that morning
She scoffed at me and went back to eating only to start sneezing a little bit later. When my brother said bless you she shot me a dirty look and said " its her damn dog , the damned thing is shedding so much and I'm allergic! " my brother was stunned and looked at me. My grandmother didn't seem impressed but very reluctantly my brother told me " look I'm sorry or this but would you mind leaving? Or taking the dog outside? She said she's allergic "
I was shocked and to the rescue came my girlfriend " I'll take pinkie for now love, enjoy your meal" I couldn't believe he had just gotten my girlfriend excluded from our meal but not wanting to upset my grandmother. I continued dinner

Half way through one of my brothers kids let out a ungodly scream and it seemed to have triggered something because I felt like I couldn't breathe. Every movement want pain a and when I tried to speak my hearing went dead. I began to cry and I saw his girlfriend staring at me but not saying anything. I began to choke on my food and eventually according to my mother. I had passed out . and it took her four minutes of me laying there with my head bleeding from hitting it on the table to say anything as no one else had noticed. 

When I woke up in the hospital NY brother was sobbing and my girlfriend was no where to be seem. My mother informed me of what happened afterwards and turns out she had broken up with my brother because he yelled at her for waiting so long to tell us. And my girlfriend? She was at home with pinkie when I got back with my mom and booth just seemed glad to see me. 

This wouldn't have been such an issue if I weren't anemic but I am and even nosebleeds can be deadly for me. But I'm just glad now that my brother takes more care into who he dates and that I finally got on a daily routine of taking my medicine when I wake up 




( I forgot to mention above but we were not suppose to bring kids because this was for the teenagers and the parents 👍)