My dad demands that his new wife should be invited to my graduation ceremony, even though I wasn’t even aware of her existence until today…
Context: My parents divorced close to 2-3ish years ago, it was a really nasty separation. My dad was breaking things in the house, cursing at me (my sister and my mom), and he even came to my work to harass me. Even then my mom was trying to hold on to the marriage… all the way up until the point where she found out that he was cheating on her with multiple women. Come to find out that he was in multiple relationships towards their last 5 years of marriage. 

So apparently he was in a serious relationship with someone else this entire time, I wasn’t even aware of it. I’m not naive… I knew he probably was messing around since he cheated on my mom, but I didn’t know it was serious. Now I’m finding out he’s remarrying today on Christmas. Needless to say I am shocked and I do feel a bit emotional about it. At the end of the day, I’m glad he moved on. However, since this relationship was a secret to me and my sister until today, it is shocking. My dad called me hours before his wedding, asked me to tell my sister and my mom of his remarriage before they’re blindsided by social media posts.

To top it all off, he wants to invite the woman to my college graduation ceremony that’s occurring early April. This was before I even knew he has a fiancée and now wife. My issue is… I’ve never met her before, I don’t even know who she is, or what she looks like. I didn’t even know she existed! If she’s the woman my dad was cheating with while he was still married with my mom, then I’m just not interested to get to know her. I really have nothing against her, but I don’t know her so I don’t want strangers at my graduation ceremony.

I informed my mom and sister of this issue and they are both uncomfortable with actually meeting her, especially on my graduation day. My mom already doesn’t want to have anything to do with my dad; but she agreed that she wouldn’t mind being cordial for me on my graduation day. We aren’t against him moving on, or his new wife. However, we just don’t know her and I don’t plan on meeting her on the day of my graduation ceremony. I’m sorry, but that’s my day to celebrate on getting my two degrees not entertain him and his new wife. 

Is it wrong for me to not want his new wife at my graduation ceremony? I don’t consider her my family/ close friends so she has no business coming to my graduation ceremony. I know her presence alone will make my mom and sister uncomfortable. I just don’t want any drama on my graduation day.

TLDR: My dad had a secret relationship (last 3 years), I wasn’t aware of her existence until today on Christmas. Apparently they’re getting married today, my dad told me to tell my mom and sister. On top of that, he wants to invite his new wife to my graduation ceremony. I don’t want her to come since she’s a stranger to me.