Entitled Mother sends her kid to eat off my plate.
So my partner and I were out to eat at an Italian restaurant over the weekend. It was going great except we were seated right by the door so whenever someone came in the cold breeze would hit you. This is just important so you know we were the closest table to the door.
Anyway our pizzas came and we were tucking in. They came uncut so I was using a knife and fork to cut slices. Suddenly there is a cool breeze, then a child next to me and he, without saying a word sticks his grubby hands onto my plate at takes a slice of pizza. 
This child was about 12-13. I had zero idea what to do except say “what do you think you are doing?”
“My mum said I’m allowed.” 
Suddenly the breeze hits us again as the door opens “Johnathon what’s going on? Did you get your pizza?” I turned in my seat to the woman, thinking the child must have just been confused and thought the pizza I was eating was his or something. 
I told the woman something along the lines of “sorry your child has just stuck his hands in my pizza and taken a slice.” 
I expected her to apologise, be super embarrassed etc. But HELL NO! 
She just said something like “Yeah. He is a child. He likes pizza. It’s manners to share.” I was floored. Like what? 
So I said he shouldn’t just grab food from other people, or walk into a restaurant and steal food. What he did is stealing food. She was livid and said it’s not stealing it’s sharing. 
At this stage she was pretty close to yelling. A waiter came over and asked them if they would like a table for 2. But she doubled down. “No! This man called my son a thief. All he wanted was some pizza and now he is upset.” Cue the child crying. 
Oh also neither of them were wearing a mask.
The waiter said if you aren’t dining with us you are going to have to leave. 
She loses it. Screaming about discrimination against unvaccinated people. 
She did eventually leave and both my partner and I got our pizzas remade and a bottle of house wine for free. 
So not very exciting, but imagine the parenting that’s going on if a mother is sending her child in to eat off other peoples plates.

I feel I should also add that while they could have been starving, they were reasonably well dressed so it didn’t cross my mind at the time.