My stepdad is stressed and that's my fault?
My mum has covid and is pregnant. So she's at home in her room and sleeps nearly the whole day. That means I and my sisters have to stay home from school and my stepdad does Home-Office. My school doesn't do homeschooling so I just have to get my materials from other kids of my class. 

This story happened yesterday. When I got up I immediately went into the stable with my dog. I took the horses out on their meadow and made their boxes (don't know what their called in english) then I fed the cows and cleaned the walkway of the stable. After that I went back in. It took me about 2 hours to get all this done and apparently my stepdad and sisters already ate. I asked him why he didn't call me, because last time he.did and I ate with them. But he told me he thought I didn't want anything. Alright. So I made myself something and went into my room to eat. Not long after, when I tried to do schoolwork, he called me that I had to babysit my sister for a few minutes while he does something outside. He said 5 minutes so I went and played with them. 

It was 3 hours until he came back. 

Later he went grocery shopping with my youngest sister (who's 4) and I had to babysit my other sister (8). My mum told me to brush her hair because my stepdad didn't do it for the last 2 days. So I did and I tried to be gentle but it was hard and she cried. In the end my mum said to give her a pacifier and I did and when my stepdad came home he immediately started ranting why she had a pacifier (even though he gives her one really often?) So I told him and he started yelling at me until I ran into my room. 

That evening he cooked and I wanted something to eat so I tried to cut myself some of the baguette he made (like these with....herbs in them and such. Don't know the name) and he told me I had to wait. So I got up and wanted to leave the room. While doing so I let my arms sink to my waist (apparently too fast) because he started screaming at me. I didn't understand a word bc he was so loud! I tried to flee and he threw a basket at me. That was when my dog started barking and growling st him and I had to take her by her collar. At that point I yelled back that I didn't even say anything! 

My mum came downstairs and on the last two steps she fell. But it was nothing bad. She's not even in the third month and also she just fell onto her butt, so really nothing happened. When I fall like that or worse my dog is the only one to come look if I'm okay. They don't care about that. But my stepdad immediately rushed to us and he yelled at me more. I was crying at that point andy dog still growled and barked and tried to get to him until I finally went into my room with my dog who let me cry into her fur for a few minutes. When I was better she licked my face. 

My mum came into my room shortly after telling me I wasnt allowed to talk to him anymore and he wasn't allowed to talk to me. When I asked about something to eat she went mad and I could make my own food and in my age her parents didn't treated her like this (which I don't believe. My grandpa is actually really close to me and I know him quite well) that's when I ran outside with my dog and tried to cool off. It worked, but my stepdad then wrote per Whatsapp that he had some of the baguette in the oven for anyone who wants and I know this was probably meant good but I got so mad at that point...after I got home again I didn't talk to anyone again til now