My child is DISABLED you have to let him sit at the bar!!
I (19f) am a hostess in a large chain of Mexican restaurants. I’ve hosted before at another restaurant, so I know what I’m doing, and how to (generally) handle customers who are being rude. I have my fair share of entitlement stories. 

It’s a Sunday. It’s lunchtime. There’s an NFL game on TV, and the TVs are only in the bar. We are on a wait- 15-30 minutes. Lobby is full, so is the atrium. We’ve been asking people to wait either outside or in their cars, taking phone numbers to call people back at. 

In walks EM with her son. Son is probably no older than 16. Kid looks like he has mental issues. All goes well until I ask her for her phone number.

EM: “Well why do you need that? It’s private information!”
Me: “Ma’am, it’s very crowded in here. We need you to wait outside or in your car. The number is so I can call you when a table opens up.”
EM: “Well I’m parked in a handicapped spot. I need my husband to help me back out.”

I nod, and before I get the number, she walks away- to the bar. Her husband walks in, and EM flags him down, shoots me the smuggest look, and says, “Take us off the list-we’re sitting at the bar!”

Now, I live in a state where there are two places in a bar- the cocktail area (kid friendly) and the actual bar (not kid friendly). EM and her family are sitting in the bar- not the cocktail area. So, my petty self gets the bartender. I tell her, “Hey see that lady over there? She was terribly rude- and her son is definitely underage. Could you- could you card him?” Bartender grins, and says oh yes absolutely she can do that.

A few minutes later, the EM shrieks “He’s DISABLED! YOU HAVE TO LET HIM SIT HERE WITH US!” Bartender calmly tells her there’s cocktail seating for families with kids. “But there’s no ROOM!” Then she’ll have to go to the hostess and get on the list. EM stomps over. “It’s been 15 minutes. Get me a table!” I have the pleasure of smiling at her and saying in my most pleasant customer service voice, “I’m sorry ma’am, but since you asked to be removed, you’re no longer on the list! It’ll be 30 minutes- can I get a name and a phone number?” The look of rage on her face fueled me all day as she stomped out, husband and son in tow.

EDIT: it was a Sunday, not a Friday. Not sporty+hostess on Sunday and Friday = wrong dates.

EDIT 2: Geez I turn off notifications and come back to this madness! Thank you kind internet strangers for the awards!