Entitled little jerk took more than his share, got taught a lesson... hopefully
This occurred almost 3 years ago, pandemic would make this story way unlikely now, but let's enjoy a blast from the past..:  


I was at a farmer's market on the weekend, doing the usual; shopping for produce, looking at strange wool art and enjoying a few samples. I came across the butcher's stall where they have those dried beef sticks. I LOVE those things, I know they aren't exactly kale so I try not to indulge too often, by I walked by anyways.  


On this walk by I notice a kid who standing there and chain-eating samples. It's like he's eating a full foot-long beef stick in small bites, and this large tray for EVERYONE is emptying fast. The butcher (stand-keeper? counter-guy?) is turned around taking care of meat related business and this entitled little turd is going to town. He didn't even have the shame to look around and see if anyone could see him double-dipping, triple-dipping and triple-doubling far beyond a reasonable share.   


Now I'm no stickler for strict sampling policy, I'll take a second of something that is especially good but DAMN! 3 of any one thing is pushing it and beyond that is practically criminal, I saw this kid take 5 samples in a row and I'm guessing he had more before I noticed. So I walk over and skipping the  attempt to point-out how what he's doing isn't right, I grabbed the sample plate and pulled it out of his reach. My gut told me he wasn't about to listen to reason so I moved the samples first and then told him off: "you know you're only supposed to take a couple of those to try". And he goes full-brat right away: "shut up! I can have as many as I want asshole, give them back". "Yeaaaa Nope!" I replied. He looks shocked like he's never heard the word before. Kids younger than 12 ready to call strangers 'asshole' are obviously awful little pishers.  


Since he was a dick, for good measure I grabbed the yet uneaten sample bite out of his hand and ate in front of him. The tantrum begins instantly, like he had his finger on the 'flip a shit' switch ready to go. Not long after the siren begins wailing, does the entitled mom (EM) show up, perceivably out of nowhere like she was waiting and expecting something bad to happen to her child. Karenoid? (excuse the awful pun).  


Kid goes into victim snitch mode when mommy comes to him. "HE TOOK MY SAMPLE OUT OF MY HAND!!! WAAHH!" She turns on me like a bat out of hell: "You stole from my son?!? I should call the cops!" Trying to remain calm I explain: "I moved the sample plate away from your kid because he was taking way more than his share" I neglected to mention the extra sample from his hand. She didn't seem to care "They are free and he can have as many as he wants! Who made you the market police?" It was a decent point, but before I had to come up with an answer, the guy behind the counter (finally alerted to the commotion) piped in and backed me right up. "Ma'am our policy is a max of 2 samples per person. I wouldn't make any money if everyone took half as many samples as your kid."   


She turns the Karen-Ray-Gun on this guy and demands that he give her kid one of those 'skinny hot dogs' for free (yes she actually called it that) because "he (pointing at me) stole one from him!"  


Counter-guy: "That's not gonna happen"  
EM: "I'll give you 50 cents even though you have terrible customer service! You're lucky to be getting anything at all!"  
Counter-guy: "They cost $3"   
(I know this may seem like a lot, but they are really good, and it's high quality local, grass fed blah blah blah)  
EM: "NO WAY! You're lucky I don't sue you or I would own this little shit-hole stand! My son is hungry and he had one STOLEN from him!"  


I know at this point it would be sooo easy to just walk away, but I LIVE for the drama and I'm watching what's going on in front of me as though it's through a TV screen, I'm mesmerized.   


"I'd rather go broke than accept money from whiney brats or their children."   


I think my jaw-dropped so low from the shock and awesome that I'll never be able to get it back to normal. People who own their own businesses are doing it right, nobody to answer to. As the kicker he extends a beef stick over the counter towards her kid, then turns and hands it to me! "Thanks for looking out man, this is on the house." EM lets out an angry groan/screech and storms away muttering about disrespect.  


As I said I LOVE those beef sticks, but none had ever tasted as sweet as this one.