My entitled pos father makes a Christmas appearance.
Last night was a real shitshow.
My family (my mom sister my kid my sister's girlfriend Margret a close friend and my best friend S) were all at my home having our "HalloweenChristmas"

Around dinner time I heard knocking at my door it was my father.

There's allot of backstory I won't go in to I could easily fill an encyclopedia with his bullshit but most recently he tried to sue me because I would not give him money (it Did not work)

We have no relationship my sister has no relationship with him... He has said some terrible things about both of us especially towards my sister when she came out.

Well at the front door my father gave this huge apologetic speech that he's a better man he's so sorry that he wants to work on it and have a relationship with my sister and I.... Well I asked for a moment and talked with my mom and sister and against my better judgement I let him in my house.

And for about 2hours he was ok it was absolutely shocking to me. 

But it didn't take long for him to ask where he's going to stay he even had the balls to say it's going to be easier for me when he moves in.

(Oh yah he didn't know anything about k my daughter I adopted her midway through last year)

Well my father was saying it's getting late that he's going to pay for Ks taxi home she was like I ...live here.

My father switched from speaking English to Vietnamese and asked about her and yah I told him she's my kid.... He did not take that well at all ..... To be frank he blew up

Raised his voice (I am translating what he said)
How could I bring this white demon in to my home it's digesting I have to send her back.

What he doesn't know is K decided to learn Vietnamese in her spare time and picked up on what he was saying.... And really since she has been with me in therapy she has become very mouthy 

She pipes up and is like oh shut your fucking mouth your a disgrace.

The shock in his face was beautiful like I guess it was so unexpected he was in a trance.

Well he started going back at me yelling at this time my sister had went to her room crying and her girlfriend had went to comfort her.

I guess she hear my father start yelling louder and decided to call in my 120lb loveable ball of fur ... And teeth my dog Garfield.

I love that dog right to my side he knew I was upset and with out me having to say anything started growling showing his teeth.

My dog is a good dog sweet but he knows it's his job to protect his sheep(we are his sheep)

I told that man it's time to go now or you will be on the loosing end of Garfield's teeth.

He basically ran out of my house tail tucked between his legs I told him to never return.

When he was gone we went back to having a good time basically like it never happened.

But yah I tried to give him a chance I won't ever make the same mistake again.

There is allot I left out but I don't want to be angry so that's why.

Also English is not my first language sorry