Entitled aunt wants me to let my cousin celebrate my birthday
English is not my first language

This has been happening after my cousin became 4 and now since I finally got the courage to say no this year aunty dearest (my dad's sister) is pissed as hell.

The only reason I allowed it in the first place was, I didn't mind (and also I was young and dumb) since she was still around 2-3 years old, but now my birthday is heavily focused on my cousin, if someone says happy birthday to me she'll cry and throw a tantrum saying it's her birthday and aunt would say it is her birthday.

For every single presents I have? It needs to be given to her or tantrum (and one hell of a loud ass tantrum too) if aunt tries to take it my mom would put a stop it quickly. For the theme? It needs to be for my cousin's liking only.

My cousin and aunt is always like this for everyone's birthday and my dad's family just thinks it's cute, my mom is always pissed when me and my siblings birthdays are taken over by cousin.

Anyway today I said I want my birthday to be about me only I don't want my cousin to take it over and all hell broke loose, aunt told me every single insult she could call, my uncle (also dad's brother) is pissed too and calling me names (yet he defends my brothers because "men aren't supposed to be bullied by women"). Only my youngest aunt, uncle and grandma are angry at them.

Good news is that I get to celebrate my birthday at my mom's side instead and they booked me a pretty popular restaurant which my aunt is very pissed about lol.

Edit to answer some questions:
My cousin is around elementary age
I'm around 15-18

Also my uncle, aunt and dad are siblings. The person who said my dad is horny for his own sister: fuck you you're the one who seems to be messed up in the head if you're assuming shit, especially when it's incest.

Edit 2 bcs I forgot to put this here

My cousin's birthday is somewhere around January and April while mine is around October and December

Edit 3 bcs I also forgot to mention this

The reason for my cousin wanting to take over everyone's birthday is bcs it started when she wanted to blow the candles on her older brother's birthday to which it kinda escalated to her wanting to make everyone's birthday be abt hers

Tysm for the happy birthdays lol

Edit 4

Pls stop asking how old I am I'm generally uncomfortable with that...