Entitled friend/parent decides to bring their uninvited child to our adult Christmas party and take over our house.
My wife and I have an annual Christmas party at our house with our friends and siblings each year. Last year two of our friends had had a child shortly before the party. The child wasn’t invited last year either, but we weren’t bothered given it was more like bringing an uninvited potato than a person given it was an infant at the time. 

This year the child is walking and whatnot and they had told us they were getting a sitter so there seemed no reason to mention that it would not be appropriate to bring the child to our party. As the title indicates without asking or even telling us the child was coming they showed up with their kid and we had in no way set up our house to be child-proofed. As a result we had to close a bunch of doors that were intended to be left opened to allow guests to spread out into our basement and living room. So for most of the party we had about 14 people cramped in our small kitchen as the parents let their 1 year old child roam freely. 

Our party is by no means a rager, but people were drinking a lot less than normal and my wife and I weren’t drinking at all as we’re responsible for what happens in our house and the parents weren’t keeping a good eye on their child. The one thing the mom decided to do was tape a bunch of our drawers shut, without asking to do so and with our tape which meant she went through our drawers without asking, as obviously the kid was going around opening everything and pulling stuff out. 

As the unattended child continued around he kept messing with our dog, including taking food out of her bowl and pulling on her fur and the parents still didn’t do anything. Being between the dog and the child became part of my duties as host. Our dog is a rescue and quite skittish, and by some miracle of the universe it just put up with the child each time I wasn’t in the right place at right moment. Similarly the child pulled the bells off our door and broke them, that our dog has used since the day she was adopted to signal she needs to go outside, and now she can’t seem to understand that our new different looking bells are for the same purpose. 

Next the child was getting tired and cranky, and instead of taking the child home they decided it was time to go into our guest room which was closed and used to store all the extra stuff we had around the house that we moved to make room for the party and our guests. This greatly embarrassed my wife as we had cleaned all the public places completely and we didn’t do much for areas guests wouldn’t see. uninvited and without asking they set up a play pen for their child, which they built and then left the trash for in our house before returning to the party themselves. 

They didn’t leave until 10 basically killing around half the party for us, and much of the party for our other guests who didn’t stay that late.

I am by no means mad at the child, they’re a kid and don’t know any better, but the parents should’ve known to not bring their kid to an adult Christmas party.

Edit: I accept people’s judgement that I should’ve confronted them, my issue was that because we were putting out all the fires the other guests probably didn’t realize what was going on and everyone knows each other, but still I should’ve confronted them.

There is one thing I take issue with though “why are you complaining on the internet”? I was almost certain that’s the internet’s exact purpose.