My own parents
I am (F25),  my siblings (M31) and (M36) have been taking care of our parents father (73) mom (62) together for years. Side note we live in California. For as long as I can remember my father has never had a steady form of income and has always worked as a "handy man", when I was 6yrs old he had one steady employed job for 8 months and then he quit/got fired??? because he didn't like the way he was being talked to. My mom has always worked at least 2 minimum wage jobs at the same time dishwasher/housekeeper/cleaning lady something. I started preparing my mom taxes when I was 16 and I finally learned the entire household income my mom made was $16k a year. She was gone from 6am to 12am my entire life growing up and all she made was $16k a year. So I picked up a job to help. My father never allowed government assistance even though we far needed it but he said it was embarrassing and we should be able to make do without.

When I was 18 I applied for colleges and got a numerous amount of scholarships and good amount of financial aid if I went to a school 4hours away. My father said it was a selfish decision for me to leave them with all that money and leave them in ruins when I see how much my mom struggles and I should be using that money for them because I don't need it all if I go to a school locally. I talked to my two brothers and they told me they've been pitching in where they can sending our parents a collective $600 a month to help with living expenses and to leave and go to college as far as possible.

I'm in my first semester of college and my father calls to tell me the drs have found a mass in my moms reproductive system. She's going to have surgery and get treatment she won't be able to work for an undefined time so I need to help. I get a part time job on campus and I just start sending them 70% of the money i made. Mom has surgery my father tries to get me to move back home because she's not doing great and it would be cheaper for me if I did. I got a full-time job instead while going to school full-time still because I refused to move back home. 

Fast forward years later I'm 25. I've done everything possible to get myself in the best financial position possible and my brothers are doing well too. I work in finance sector and I make a little over $100k and live in LA so COL is a bit high but I'm pretty comfortable. My parents say their car broke down I give them my 2017 civic and tell them not to worry about maintenance or insurance or anything I'll take care of it. I pay for the utility bills in their home. My brothers pay for their cell phones and still send them $800 a month. A cheap mortgage pmt for a 3 bdrm house that we pay $600/mo, and we collectively pay for their property taxes. 

We do all of this and yet we go on a vacation or do something nice for ourselves and we immediately get a phone call saying "if you have all this money to throw around the least you could do is see if your parents have anything to eat today" 

My mom does I don't know what to her phone immediately I get a phone call from my father "if you guys aren't going to pay for the phone bill dont offer to pay because your mom's phone is disconnected"

I have had family members call my brothers and I saying they're worried about our parents livelihood because our parents have told them that they're worried the house is going to foreclose or that the car is going to be repo'd and if we can do anything to help them out.

The latest one I've gotten is my parents asking for hundreds to a thousand dollars in money just because "you make so much money how do you not have the money to spare."

and of course comes the greatest of all "after all we've done for you"

It's infuriating that at the end of the day I still don't do enough for them. All of their living expenses are paid for and more. No one I know has to take care of their parents like this. I have friends who make just as much as I do if not more whose parents help them pay their rent an apt, buy a car or house or even paying for their wedding.

I never got that, none of my siblings ever got that.

End Rant.