EM demands to swap shifts with me, because she has kiiiiids!
Backround: All persons here are Nurses.

We have a system at our hospital. Big shift changes (multible Days) must be done in the month before the new month. Single Days needs just some days in advance. Also we have a system for the holidays. One year you work christmas, the next year you work new years eve and new years. As a young guy without kids I mostly try to cover other peoples christmas for getting new years off. I mean we celebrate with close family on christmas eve anyways. This year I had to work christmas and asked around if someones wanna swap. One of my coworkers directly answered. She told me she would gladly work new years for me and I work christmas for her. We talked to our charge Nurse and she gave green light and changed the schedule. She was happy to see her family after last years christmas was in lockdown and I was happy to get hammered on new years Eve with my GF and friends. But then today happened.

Our EM or Nurse Karen is one of my coworkers. Shes okay at her Job, although she complains when she cant leave on the dot. I never had any real problems with her, we just coexisting. This happened on my break today.

&amp;#x200B;

Nurse Karen (NK): Hey OP

Me: Oh, hi (I wasnt really paying attention. I ate my soup and browsed Reddit on my phone)

NK: Can I ask you something?

Me: Ehmm sure

NK: So I saw you and (other Nurses Name) swapped holidays

Me: Yeah?

NK: Well I thought you cancel it and cover my shift on christmas

Me: Ehmm....no. 

NK: What? Why? Its the same for you!! You have your new years Eve off anyways

Me: Well yeah maybe, but (other Nurse) made plans with her family

NK Ugh maybe but I need christmas off. I have kids and she doesnt!

Me: Yeah maybe, but she has plans too

NK: Thats not fair!! I had no chance to ask you first!

Me: Yes you had. I asked in our (insert instant messenger Name) work group (I then showed her the message in the group) and sorry, who comes fast paints first (A saying in my language, not so good in english though. Its "Wer zuerst kommt, malt zuerst"). 

NK: Ugh thats so unfair! You both dont have children so christmas isnt that important to you!! Its a family holiday!!

Me: Yeah.... (other Nurses) meets her family on christmas, thats why I swapped with her (I give her my own copyrighted "Fuck you sweetie"- Smile I got from working in that soul sucking snakepit aka my Hospital). 

NK: Ugh!!! (she then stomped off)

&amp;#x200B;

I just get back to reddit and continue to eat my onion soup (a mistake because onion breath and mask arent a good match). The Nurse I swapped holidays with told me that Nurse Karen tried to talk her out of it too, but she wouldnt budge either. She then tried to talk to our charge Nurse but that was invain. Our momentary charge is a workfriend of me and we are both male Nurses so we have a secret but sacred bond to have each others backs. Karen is pissed, because no ones wanna swap but thats not my problem.