A Mother Demands that I Give Her My Film Roll.
This occurred on Saturday, November 27th at Kula, Maui. 

A friend told me about this Reddit site, so here I am. 

My friends and I went to this place called, “Lavender Farm”, just to chill and have a picnic.

The farm is beautiful, there’s pathways leading to many types of plants, all surrounded by lavender trees, the openness of the farm is perfect for picnics, and the sheer silence of the location at high elevation is calming and serene. 

Before we sat down for our picnic, I took photos of my friends and their SO’s at the pavilion with my film camera, Pentax 645N. 

Now, the film I’m using isn’t 35mm, it’s 120 Kodak Portra 160, medium format, 6x4.5cm. 35mm is 36 exposures, however, 120 is less than that at 16 exposures. 

Even though 35mm is the most popular and common, 120 is known for superior resolution and detail. 

Aside from their sizes and exposure, the key differences between the two is 35mm is a roll in a canister, safely concealed from light, 120 is an open roll and it’s delicate to handle and kind of easy to mess up if you have no idea how to take care of it (This will come in later).

After taking multiple shots with my camera, my friends decided to eat, but I wasn’t done yet. 

I swapped out my 55mm for the 150mm so I can get closer to the details of the flowers and pollinating honey bees. 

After finishing the second roll of Portra, I removed the back plate, loaded Ilford FP4 125, and I went back to taking photos with the 55mm to the surrounding structures like the pavilion, rustic patios and farm equipment. 

I saw an empty pavilion with two chairs casting shadows, I adjusted my camera setting manually via Sunny 16 Rule, and it happened, this little girl jumped from my left side and photobombed the shot. 

The mother who was nearby, saw this and heard my camera round the next exposure.

Unlike manual crank film cameras, my 645N is automatically motor driven when it rounds the next exposure, so the motor is loud, not at all stealthy in public or street photography. 

I should also mention, the shutter is obviously larger than the 35mm, so that shutter is going to make a subtle clap then simultaneously drive the next exposure with the motor winder. 

She angrily goes, “Hey! Why are you taking photos of my daughter?!”, I’m like, “Ma’am, I was taking a photo of this pavilion and your daughter jumped into the shot. 

“Bullsh-t, I want to see that photo and immediately deleted!!!”, I replied, “Ma’am, this is a film camera, I can’t show you the photo taken”, an instant response, “Then give me the film, you Paedo POS!!!” 

Thankfully, a groundskeeper heard the screaming and approached the epithet speaker. 

“What’s going on here, is there an issue?”, he asked. 

She replies, “Yes, he took a photo of my daughter without my permission.”, I said, “Technically, that’s kind of true but she jumped into my shot.” 

“Excuse me, miss, it’s an honest mistake, please keep your frustrations down to a minimum or else we’ll have to ask you to leave the property.”

“I want the film inside the camera, and I’m not leaving here without it!”

I truly didn’t want to drag this out any further, so I compromised with, “I’ve got a solution that’ll benefit us both. Pay me $9, and I’ll use the last 15 exposures as portraits for your family and give you the roll of film after we’re done.” 

She happily agreed with, “Alright, that’s deal.”, her demeanor went from sh-t face to glee in a matter of seconds.

After I composed every shot with the family, husband, her two son and the daughter included. I pressed the fire button on the last exposure, the camera automatically rounded the film, I opened the backing plate, removed the roll, taped the film band, and handed her the roll. 

There was no thank you, whatsoever. 

I lost track of time doing all of that, and by the time I returned to my friends, they were puzzled as to where I ventured off. Apparently they overheard the commotion but thought nothing of it, so they ate without me, took a nap, and they waited for me to return so we could leave for my aunt’s house.

At that point, I was getting hungry, so we packed our picnic blankets and left for my aunts house which was a mile up the mountainside.

As we were loading up into the car, I peered out at the farm’s gift shop, my eyes widened in horror, sheer terror came rushing towards me like a flood, she unrolled the film. 

If you know what this means, and I hope your jaws dropped, just as mine did, the light destroyed the roll. 

It’s more than likely she wanted to see the photos. 

It wasn’t at all hilarious, it was a GTFO moment because I knew the sh-t storm was coming. 

“Yo, we need to go now!”, and my friend replied as she looked at the lady, “Why? We’re in no rush, that lady got what she wanted. Oh, Sh-t… Okay, let’s go quickly!”

As soon as we pull out of the parking lot, we can hear her screaming at the top of her lungs, it was scary and I didn’t want to stay to see what would happen next. 

She probably believed I ripped her off, but I’m sure anyone with a sensible understanding of film photography will explain to her that it was her fault. 

An unfortunate turn of events for my friends, but most importantly, I have two rolls of 32 exposures with their loved ones and the colorful plants of the farm, they’re now heading to Darkroom Labs for development and scanning. 

The last roll was for the surrounding area, so many rustic structures and farm equipment casting shadows about to be taken, just to be interrupted by a little girl and her mother. 

TL; DR: Friends and I picnicked a lunch at Lavender Farm and took couples photos. On my last roll, I went to take some pictures of the structures and equipment, only to have a kid photobomb my shot and her mother demanded the roll. She paid for the roll, and as we were leaving, she destroyed it by exposing the film in direct sunlight.