Entitled parent parks in handicap spot because they feel like it.
So this happened a few weeks ago and it made me super mad and I just thought about it again.

My husband and I went out for Sunday brunch a few weeks ago to a pretty popular restaurant. We had meant to arrive around 8:00 a.m. but we ended up running late and not getting there until 10:00. It was packed, as we expected. The entire parking lot was jam-packed and there were very few places to park.

As I'm driving through the rows, a white minivan zooms past me, the driver makes eye contact and smirks, then cuts me off and pulls into a handicap parking spot. I think to myself "wow what an asshole," but it got worse. I ended up driving allll the way to the back of the parking lot about 6 rows away to find a spot. When I looked over at the white minivan I saw it was a dad getting about four or five children out of his car. As I walked past his car I noticed there was absolutely no handicap sticker, nothing on the license plate and nothing hanging from his rearview mirror indicating that it was a handicap driver.

So of course, me being my petty ass, I decided to call the town's non-emergency police line and notify them. I gave them the license plate number and name of the restaurant where we were. After waiting about 30 minutes for a table, we see a police officer pull into the parking lot, right behind this guy's car. And of course, he gets out checks the license plate and the front review mirror, sees no indication that it's a handicap car and gets out a notepad and proceeds to write a ticket.

All of a sudden the guy that owns the car goes running from his table outside to confront the officer. He's yelling loud enough that I definitely heard "Well I parked here because I have five children to get out of the car!" Cop shrugs and shakes his head and hands him the ticket, gets back in his car and leaves.

Entitled dad comes back in red faced and furious. They quickly finished their breakfast and left.

As I exited the restaurant I looked at the handicap parking sign and underneath it said $500 fine.

I might be heartless but that made my day.