Entitled Step-Dad walks out on my Grandpa’s funeral.
V: Voldemort (Step Dad)
Me: who knows what this could be?

Hi! So this happened about two years ago but I thought it was worth sharing.

So my grandpa passed away a couple years ago, right around the start of covid, just a little before the US went into lockdown. Obviously I went with my mom and V to the funeral (we live on the other side of the country to give you a reference). My older brother had decided not to come since he refused to be anywhere near V, and I wish I had understood his perspective sooner. Living so far away we obviously don’t get up to see family very often, and every since my mom married V we seemed to visit even less than usual (which was only like a yearly trip). When we got up there we honestly had a really great time the first night. it was the first time I remember seeing my entire family gathered all at once in a long time. We stayed up late in the hotel restaurant all together with a huge table, ordered tons of food, and just told stories about the family and about my Grandpa. It was a beautiful night.

Eventually, at around 11 or so I decided to go back to my room to go to bed, but there was still a good 2/3 of the family at the table. My mom comes into my hotel room at around 1 am, trying to sneak in quietly but I was awake. she said she need to sleep in my room tonight and when I asked why she refused to answer at first. 

Apparently what happened was my mom was staying up with the family she never sees, and V decided it was time for bed. He asked my mom to come with him, but seeing as how she never sees her family she wanted to stay up and have a few more drinks with my aunts and cousins. V started getting angry and threatened to actually leave if she didn’t come to bed. My mom refused, and V returned to the room. When my mom got there later, he kicked her out, gave her her stuff and told her to sleep in my room.

When we woke up in the morning, V had left, the MORNING OF my grandpa’s funeral. yet when we returned V refused to apologize, said my mom was in the wrong and my mom continues to stay with him and continues to support his dying mother.

Thanks for listening to my rant. There’s more to the story of this and the unspeakable bulls**t that comes from V, if y’all want to hear more I will update.