My 4th grade teacher
When I was younger I would volunteer at my church during the holidays for a toy drive. My mom was one of the event organizers. The way this event worked is a family signs up to sponsor a child/ren. The family is then given a list written by the child of desired items along with a short description of the child’s age/likes/ any special needs.  

I was around 12/13 and noticed my former teacher’s name on the list. This woman hated me. I am the youngest in my family and she had a kid my oldest brothers age. She held a vendetta against me bc of something to do with them. In her class we used to play this math game “around the world” to learn multiplication and any time my turn came up she told me I was wrong even when it was something as silly as 3x3 she would snap I was wrong and then laugh like oh never mind. It was humiliating and I hate math to this day bc of her lol. 

Anyway—Being nosy, I read about the child she selected. Simple enough to fulfill, as all he wanted was different textured plush/stuffed animals. He was a teenaged male with sensory and developmental issues from Cerebral Palsy. All he asked for during Christmas was stuffed toys to pet. EP waited last minute to tell us she wasn’t going to buy him gifts. In fact, EP wasn’t going to say anything. My mom called her to ask about a status update since the toys were being loaded up and delivered to houses. Once my mom realized who she was talking to my mom snapped. She asked when EP was going to drop a check off that day since she’s too useless to honor the toy drive by following through with her commitment bc surly she wasn’t callous enough to deliberately select this child and then ignore him. EP was taken aback. She dropped the check to my mom and my mom smiled at her and told her not to bother signing up next year. That other more willing families will volunteer, and of the 300 volunteers EP was the only person who didn’t fulfill the task. Probably never had anyone address her like that bc she is the crabbiest of all EP in Karenland. My mom and I went out and bought tons of cool stuffed animals and tactile items for him.

Idk probably a long story about nothing. But every year the holidays roll around I remember how proud I was if my mom for going the extra mile while simultaneously telling EP off for being a grinch.

Edited to include* keep in mind most children are requesting bicycles, game consoles, sports equipment … pricy items. This child’s list was so sweet and simple to fulfill.