A weird one ... does anybody have an issue with ordering takeout because of exploitative conditions for delivery workers?
I don't know why but this has really started bothering me. To the point that I've literally stopped ordering takeout and will only pick up food I've ordered from a restaurant.

In my locality (not the US), there are two major delivery services that operate with restaurants. Customers order through a centralized ordering system and the drivers come and deliver.

As in many localities, the couriers are often using pedal bicycles for transport - in a city (the one I live in) without proper infrastructure for this such as bicycle lanes.

Futhermore, many "drivers" or "riders" operating for such services are classed as self-employed, even when the work constitutes the majority of their income and they are entirely dependent on it. 

This particular working arrangement bothers me on a few levels.

Firstly, having worked as a full-time freelancer for more than three years, I'm very cognizant of the tendency towards exploitation that this working arrangement seems to engender. The "riders" also naturally don't get sick pay, vacation time, etc.

More than all that, though, it's the imagery that really disturbs me. 

Using one of these services involves asking a human to pedal frantically through traffic on a bicycle, using his/her own body for momentum, in order to deliver your food, to have to seek out where you live, and all for minimum wage, so that you can eat food without leaving your sofa.

Sometimes, especially during the winter, that involves the driver doing so during hazardous weather that could predispose to hypothermia. Something about it feels uncomfortably close to modern day slavery to me. The workers may have signed up to an arguably awful arrangement. But by patronizing it I'm continuing to help the system thrive.

I guess I would distinguish it from, say, ordering stuff from Amazon on the basis that the delivery drivers at least have vehicles and (I think in many cases) are at least employed by the companies. That may be a likely frustrating and dead-end job. But so are many, including some that I've worked. It at least sounds somewhat humane.

TL;DR: I know this is a super weird thing to be bothered by. But I find the sight of people frantically pedaling a bicycle for minimum wage so upsetting that I've literally stopped patronizing this kind of delivery method with my money. On the flip side, I understand that this is an untenable position: if I order food from McDonalds, conditions in the kitchen are likely exploitative too. Etc, etc, etc.

Anybody, thought that I would put this one out for thought. I wonder if anybody else has a particular problem with this modern method of "delivery" that comes in the extra wrapping of dubious "self employment."