AITA for threatening my parents by saying I'm going to get emancipated because I don't want my baby to die.
Hi, I will keep this as short as possible.

My (17M) girlfriend (16F and we will call her Ava) just gave birth to our son and they're both the loves of my life. Ava and I have been together since I was 14 and even though we're young I would consider it a serious relationship and even if she hadn't got pregnant I still would have thought about marriage like I am now. Though we wouldn't get married for a couple more years.

Recently Ava and I talked about moving in together. This is mainly because she can not raise our son herself. She is suffering quite serious post-partum depression, (starting next week I am paying for her to somebody to help) and can barely pull herself together some days, let alone look after a baby as well. Ava' parents did not support the birth of our son so they won't help her other than letting them live in their basement. I feel bad that she's to fend for herself and I can't help as much as I want to.

But, I have been working for several months to be able to afford 4-6 months of rent, depending on where we choose to live. Sorry Reddit but I don't know the logistics of post-partum depression so I don't know how long it will go on for, but my plan was that after a few months Ava could work too so we could both be going to school, working, having our son and living on our own.

But my parents were not up for this. They told me that if looking after my son would interfere with me having a full education I simply couldn't be involved with his life. I was embarrassed for them saying this because I would do anything for my son, and I hoped they would do anything for their son. After all I assumed they had been expecting Ava and I to mature and make mature decisions for the benefit of their only grandchild.

I told them I'd get emancipated if it meant I was freely able to support Ava and my son as I "didn't want them to die".

I assume I overreacted because I have a tendency to do that but can someone please tell me...

AITA for threatening my parents by saying I'm going to get emancipated because I don't want my baby to die.