I (25F) have to parent my mother and my 3 younger siblings (21M, 17F, 11F)…
I have a 17 year old sister who drives my moms car around with no license, with all my moms weed and weed paraphernalia in the car because that’s where she keeps it. I called her out for it and was gaslit to the high heavens. She told me my sister was 17 and could just go get a license if she needs one so bad. I was so shocked I didn’t even know what to say. 

Later I approached my sister and will end up having to help her get her license. 

My youngest sister is 11 and her dad is a registered sex offended who was charged earlier this year. (We all have different fathers) I told my mom that my sister should see a therapist just to have a professional to talk to (which my sister really wants) and my mom said that since my 17 year old sister went to therapy and it didn’t help that she didn’t think it was necessary. (I was also medically neglected and found out a few years ago I’ve had a myriad of untreated mental health disorders.) 

So now, I will be setting up my sister with a therapist and driving her there once a week… (They live an hour away.) 

This is just two things of so, so, so many. She’s never home, my youngest sister is always home alone. Shes supremely immature… like she genuinely has the mindset of a 14 year old. I’m not even gonna start with my childhood (if you could call it that.) As the oldest I was basically an “adult” when I was 12 and moved out at 18. 

My brother had a mental breakdown last year and I convinced him to move in with me and my husband and now he has his own place, works at my job, and is doing really, really well. 

I’m kind of venting but also posting because I want advice. I don’t know how to tread with my relationship with her and my sisters… My mom is constantly offended my my meddling. I want to be there for my sisters as much as possible but I am constantly struggling with drawing healthy boundaries and knowing what my responsibilities as an older sister actually are.