My (22M) stepson (16M) started calling me dad and I don't know how to feel about it
Me and my wife (37F) met 3 years ago and have gotten married and moved in together this year. At the time of our first meeting she had been divorced for the past 2 years. Her ex-husband (43M) still tries to be involved in their son's life even though the kid wants nothing to do with him (he claims that his father has been extremely strict and emotionally distant toward him growing up which caused him a lot of stress and mental problems such as low self-esteem &amp; self-confidence, anxiety, etc.). My stepson's dad absolutely despises me, seeing me as nothing more than a gold-digger and his ex-wife a cougar (which is complete nonsense). The kid adores me though, considering me both an older brother figure and a father figure. I've helped him become more sociable and make new friends, I taught him how to drive, I drop him off and pick him up from school daily, I cook him breakfast and pack him lunch everyday, I help him with his homework, he comes to me for all kind of advice, we play video games together, do sports, go on trips, work out, etc. I'm able to spend so much time with him and care for him so well thanks to the fact that I work from home. I really love him a lot. I enjoy looking out for him.

The issue is that recently he has started straight up calling me dad, like constantly. Before he used to just call me by my name. I asked him what is going on and he said that I'm his "real dad" 'cause I'm the one that has actually cared for him as a great father would and that being a dad is not about blood at all but about having a real bond with each other. I said ok, just call me whatever you're most comfortable with. But now that I think about it more deeply, should I tell him to stop calling me that since his bio dad is still trying to be a part of his life? Am I crossing a line here as the step-parent? Am I just overthinking this? I do think he would be extremely sad and disappointed if I'd ask him to call me by my name again since he'd probably see it as me not loving him enough to consider myself his "real dad". He even let me know that he's introducing me as his dad to other people. I don't know, I feel really conflicted about all of this. If or when his dad finds out about this situation he's going to be pissed. The question is, would he be pissed for a good or stupid reason?