My mom is unwell, family is depressed, advice on how to balance/navigate worrying about my own life and worrying about my family without destroying my own health (mild profanity)
I (22 F) live with my parents, who are both in their late 60s and not doing great. This year has been shit, as I'm sure it has been for a lot of people around the world. Financially, things kinda suck for my family, and we are all going through a myriad of health issues and depressive states, except for my older sister who is mostly on her own and doing wonderful, so that's something at least. My parents are self employed and I often step up to help, so the stress of working enough to keep things going is always on our mind. 

Anyways, my mom has been hospitalized twice for some chronic health issues in the last half of this year, and can never seem to catch a break on anything. She overworks herself and is stubborn to high hell, and just won't listen to me concerning her health until it comes to a day where she can hardly move or eat. She's always feeling guilty and like she's letting everyone down if she rests at home, so she wants to support her husband by working hard, which I get, but she can't seem to find the will to support herself and what her body needs, and this is heartbreaking for my dad and I. 

I suffer from GAD, depression, and some chronic health issues similar to my mom, and this shit is beyond overwhelming and exhausting, especially since I am stepping up in the family business (also just graduated, which brings other anxieties). I am trying my best to stay calm and positive, but my emotions and frustration continue to get the best of me and I end up stressing my mom out more, same goes for my dad. I am in a state of constant worry and am running on empty stressing out about my parents and just hoping things will turn out okay, while also trying to focus on my own health and mental wellbeing (which are suffering because of everything). It's a tough balance, and I want to be there for my parents no matter what but maybe I'm too involved or attached? idk. life is hard as fuck

I guess I am mostly ranting but looking for advice or really any helpful words on how to navigate and deal with this shit if anyone has gone through similar experiences. 

EDIT #1: editing to say that I do love my family and helping out in our business. I guess I am just ranting and looking for an outlet… but for those who have gone through something similar, how the hell does one stay positive while their parent is unwell? I’m just so tired and wish I could fix everything, but I know that’s not realistic.

TLDR; mom is unwell and stubborn af, overworking herself. dad, me, and her are all depressed, and i am overwhelmed trying to navigate my own life/health while also wanting to be there for my parents.