My dad “forgave” someone who almost killed me and my mom.
Before I start, I just want to say one thing; me and my dad aren’t on bad terms, but this is something I want other peoples opinions on. I just don't like the way he handled this.

So I live in a large city, and it’s not exactly the safest one, unfortunately. We’re particularly known for bad accidents in our area, and the amount of flowers on roadsides are WAY larger than it should be. (For those who don’t know, this means someone passed away there.) We’ve even had a few family members pass away from car accidents.

A Sunday afternoon, me and my mom were driving home from the mall, as we normally would after a day at the mall. It was on a main road, where thousands of people go per minute.

Suddenly, there was a huge crash in the back of my car, the car then spun in circles and started going in a whole other lane.

I was freaking out, I honestly didn’t know what to do, I just started screaming, then crying. (And I don't cry very often.) My mother, (the one driving,) was able to save us by stopping at a slightly safer area. We got out of the car to discover the entire lane was cut off. Two off duty firefighters who happen to be near came and helped us by calling 911. 

The person who smashed into us, was being careless. He wasn't even driving his own car, it was his brothers car. He had to give my mom his information. Police came, and
I messaged my dad "CALL ME ASAP." after he didn't reply to a few calls. When he called me back, he asked me why I was calling him and I had to explain what was going on. I gave him the location and told him to come and help us. He asked if we were alright and needed a ride back and I said I didn't know if we were alright as my back and shoulders felt horrible shortly after this happened.

Shortly after he arrived, I noticed he was telling the person who crashed into us carelessly these words exactly: "don't worry about it, it's alright. These things happen"

Seriously?

This guy almost killed your wife and daughter, the only two people who life in your house, the two most important people to you, and that's what you say?

I wasn't in the best head space so I didn't tell him anything, we agreed my dad would take me home and I'd go get some rest while my mom deals with the car getting towed and everything else. (The car was gone. Totally broken. It wasn't in drivable condition at all after the accident)

When me and my dad went home, he asked me: "did you notice what the first question I asked you on the phone?"

I told him it was why I asked him to call me, and he said "after that"

I said he asked if we were alright.

He said "see, I didn't ask if the car was okay I asked if you were okay"

Well I mean that's kind of a given, I really appreciate that he asked that I do, but it's bare necessities to ask about your family over your wife's car, no?

We eventually got a new car 2-3 days after dealing with our insurance companies reimbursements.
It was a older but next to unused car.

My dad said:
"We've been looking for a new car, so this all actually worked out really well!"

I didn't appreciate this statement too much. It all worked out well? Me and my mom almost dying worked out really well?

Tell me if I’m wrong but I feel like he didn't really handle this too well in some ways. He didn't seem to acknowledge that I’m terrified to drive or even be in a car now due to this near death experience due to a distracted/careless driver. 

Please give me your honest opinion, this situation really upsets me. I don’t feel it’s his place to forgive the person who crashed into us as he didn’t experience it.

TL;DR: a careless driver almost killed me and my mom and my dad said “it’s okay these things happen don’t worry about it” and said “it all worked out really well in the end” because we got a new car from it as the one we were in was undriveable.