My dad tries to make me feel bad for not wanting to be a super aunt to my nieces and nephew. Am I crazy for feeling like this?
Hello everyone, I have three nieces and two nephews. One of my nephews died in 2018 from cancer. I have to say, that I absolutely love all my nieces and nephews. But, my dad expects me to be some kind of mother figure to them. Let’s start from the beginning. My mother died when I was 11 years old from breast cancer and my dad raised me and my two older brothers. My parents where married when my mom died. My oldest brother have three daughters and my middle brother have two sons, his oldest son was the one that died from cancer. I’m 24 years old and I’m trying to figure out what I want to do with my life. I just graduated from university this past May, I got a job a month and a half after graduating, I did that for about five months, and now I’m doing an internship for a law firm. I’m trying to move out of state in February to March. As much as I love my dad and brothers, ever since my mom died 12 years ago, they caused me a lot of pain. 

My mother loved children and I feel like my dad expects me to be like her. I think children are a blessing and deserve wonderful homes, but I’m not interested in having children of my own any time soon or raising someone else’s. I’m tired of being taken advantage of. My oldest brother doesn’t reach out until he needs me or my dad to watch his youngest kids. My dad volunteers to watch them and then he just pawns them off to me. Every time my nieces come over, I cook for them, clean after them, and take care of them. And my dad just goes on about his day doing whatever he wants, while I stay at home with them. Whenever I don’t feel like dealing with my nieces, he tries to make me feel bad about it. He reminds me that they are my nieces and I need to be there for them. My oldest brother just got a divorce for the third time. He went on and on about how I can relate to my nieces because their kids and their parents are no longer together. I told my dad, my mom dying and my niece’s parents no longer being together are two completely different things. They have their mother and father. 

My oldest niece have a lot of mental health issues. She’s 15. She tried to kill herself in March and she was sent to a mental hospital. I love my oldest niece to death, but she’s exhausting to deal with. She throws a fit whenever she doesn’t get her way, she will bombard you until she gets what she wants, she wants everyone to feel bad for her, and she’s a serial liar. I love her to death, but I don’t have the energy to deal with her. She came to stay with us July 2021 and the whole time she was here, I was miserable. My dad kept telling me that I needed to support her, show her that I love her, and I needed to be a better aunt. I was frustrated because he was taking his frustrations out on the wrong people. It’s my oldest niece’s mom and my oldest brother’s responsibility to make sure she’s getting the help and support she needs. I just started my new job then, and it was my very first job. I was new to the workforce, trying to learn my new job, and my dad expects me to focus on being a super aunt.

I’m a 24 year old virgin woman. I made the decision not to have sex until I am married. I don’t want to chance any possibility of me having a child right now because I know that I would be a horrible mother. I’m not willing to sacrifice everything I need or want to do. I also have PCOS, so I might have a hard time having kids in the future. I want to move out of state, start my career, and start living for myself. Ever since my mom died, my whole life has been dealing with my exhausting family. Am I crazy for feeling like this?