My mom humilliated me in public due to my future indecisiveness
So my mom and I went to a restaurant to have lunch... and we basically started arguing and she went too far and I had to leave the restaurant and got into the car and waited until she was finished with her food. I understand her frustration though. I'm 24M and my depression and indecisiveness is burdening her and she is heavily worried about me. She brought up my suicide attempts in public while we were eating, and that was the last straw for me and I had to leave ASAP. 

She thought I was all in to apply for an international  scholarship next year. Turns out I'm not, I'm having trouble deciding which master's degree I should pick.  You see, when I was 17 I didn't know exactly what career to pick, my passions leaned towards cinematography and film because I enjoyed making videos when I was younger. However, due to our financial situation and pressures, I couldn't pick a degree that wouldn't give me much opportunity to get a decent job after I graduated.. so I ended up studying Business Administration. Bad.. Idea! I hate you 17-year-old me! I hated every second of it. I almost killed myself in between. But I ended up graduating with a 3.9 GPA. Then my brother-in-law sent my CV to a guy who works at a bank in the Business Intelligence department and I got the job. I've been working there since 2019. And to be honest, it's a very stressful job... and on top of that 2020 happened and that only made it all worse. 

Now that I have the necessary work experience to apply for a master's scholarship, I'm having trouble deciding what to study. Looking back, I clearly don't want to fuck it up this time around but turns out data-related fields are the only thing that I'm competitive at. And it's kinda depressing cause I HATE that field and feel miserable just thinking about it. But it'd be IMPOSSIBLE to study something that's film-related cause I don't have a professional filmmaking background or degree. So I'm basically stuck in this field for the next years of my life. I only have 5 months to apply. There's also a mandatory guideline provided by the scholarship institution which obligates students to return to their homecountry for at least 2 more years after finishing their master's studies. I want to leave the country since I won't find a future in my third world home country. I'm gay so yeah, I need to move to a more gay-friendly country. my dream is living in a nice apartment in downtown Atlanta while also doing things I enjoy before turning 35. But I am stuck in this depressing field that is making me feel sooooo discouraged and suicidal. But my mom is pressuring me because she's sick of me, I'm also a loner, lots of trauma, no friends, I spend a lot of time in my room, so she is hella worried I will stay like this forever and I understand that part. I need to change. I have so many issues in my mind. But she's taking it too far... she doesn't really care about embarrassing me in front of everyone, she even said "I really dont care if you kill yourself, yeah we will cry momentarily but eventually we will move on and no one knows what will happen to your soul". I live in a small country so you can easily run into familiar faces every single day... if someone from work or a person I know was there overhearing our argument, I'm fucked. It will destroy my reputation forever. The last thing I had. It was so embarrassing I really thought of killing myself right after. But I can't, she's painfully right. I need to change. Lord have mercy. I don't want to be a burden to anyone anymore... but this depression is taking me down. And I struggle to live on meds...I am stuck and feel like the time for me to plan is up. I must have to decide to do things impulsively again...

In hindsight, I know now what I should've done. I should've picked Cinematography anyway, I should have gotten a job that didn't need a university degree, then I should've taken advantage of every film festival and film projects and finish the degree with a 3.8+ GPA, with extracurricular activities on the side, that way I could easily have applied to a film-related master's degree and won an international scholarship. Damn. If only I knew then what I know now. I'm such a loser. All I have is 17k saved up in my savings account and a Business Intelligence job I hate. that's it... everything else has been miserable... Fuck my life. Why is so difficult to plan this out?? I really get so anxious everytime I sit down to decide what master's to do and what university to apply to and have no clue... I think about Data or Programming since I'm basically doing that right now... but I want something that will provide me enough preparation to do something I like, get decent money and move out internationally right after finishing my studies. I hate 9-5s that's for sure...I want to use that knowledge for myself... but I don't know what to do and time is ticking... I am so suicidal about this