Can't find a job that sticks
I 21f have been working since 2019, and have gone through like five jobs. Fired once after three weeks, all the rest of them quit. 

I worked at an art department for 8 months. I was sorta lazy because I was immature. But eventually got removed once covid hit and shut down the entire country, and never thought to call them about my position ever again. 

I worked at walmart as a cashier for three weeks. It was much more complicated than expected, especially not having any prior money experience. I basically had to teach myself, and bug those around me for help. I didn't have a lot of time to learn, because I was regularly forced to do carts. Eventually I was fired for "not getting it". And this came as a complete surprise, I had no warning, and was getting great performance reviews. 

Soon after I worked as a proctor. It was fine until I was made to do front desk work as well. This, on top of another job and 16 credits at school, made me have a full mental breakdown. My employer was pissed at my worsening behavior, so I quit and got therapy. 

I then worked at Panera for six months as a cashier/dining room person. And did my job well. I was always on time and did my job perfectly. But it was a very stressful job, and I had summer school. So I gave my two week notice and went back to full time schooling. 

Now I am a tutor and used to make materials for a research project. Tutoring is going fine. But the research project was run by an extremely absent professor, and I often got frustrated and stressed when I couldn't get very important questions answered. She said that she wouldn't be any more present next semester, and that I cannot be supported in her lab right now. Said I need a more hands on professor. 

I just feel like everything I try goes to shit. Like I don't fit in anywhere I go. I'm not sure if it's my incompetence, or just bad luck at shitty jobs. I just want something to finally stick. So I can have a stable part time job and feel like less of a fuck up. I've been diagnosed with ADHD as a child, and am on medication for it. I do very well in school, function well living on my own, and have healthy relationships. What do I do? How can I change my luck?