Looking for a long term career path for someone with a moderate physical disability and mild intellectual disability. Need roughly $36k/year to survive and thrive. Trying to become financially independent from family.
Hey everyone, I'm a guy in my mid-30s with an extra chromosome, which in my case means I'm moderately physically disabled (no muscle mass, weak bones, will probably have osteoporosis in the future, and I need to wear a heart rate monitor because I can't go above a certain bpm) and mildly intellectually disabled (poor executive function, bad at math, have had problems with hoarding in the past, crippling fear of storms or any startlingly loud noise, many social problems all my life). I'm not stupid but I'm also not very smart, I'm kind of average in that department. When I say "social problems" think less Sheldon and more 'extroverted/trusting/friendly to a fault'. Many people have described me as "like a golden retriever". 

 I live with my fiancee who is accepting and loving of all my 'quirks', and we live across the country from my family, but they financially support me, and I'd like to find something so that they don't have to do that anymore.

I've always kind of been the black sheep of my family and lately I think they resent me because I've always needed more than most people; I've needed help with physical things all my life, I needed a ton of physical and mental therapy when I was a teenager, and for the past two years I've needed financial help because my condition makes me much more likely to die from Covid so I haven't been able to work outside the home. I think they've always wanted me to be normal so they could live normal lives and not have to worry about helping me so much. I also think they always assumed I'd eventually be the head of some company or a college professor or something where physical health doesn't matter because I got really good grades in school and college. This unfortunately didn't happen because school skills don't necessarily translate well to life skills. 

This all came to a head this past week because I got a seasonal job at a warehouse and they were overjoyed and very proud and all celebrating, until I realized that I couldn't do anything at the warehouse (can't lift more than 50lbs, can't stand up for long periods of time, can't work fast without my heart rate monitor going off, meanwhile everyone's yelling at me to work faster) and will probably have to quit. 

This has led to some very serious conversations with the family along the lines of "you've been out of work for years, now you have a job and you want to quit, so if you quit, you're on your own" which I kind of get from their point of view, but the way I see it, quitting because you don't like the work and quitting because you can't physically do the work are two separate issues. The way they see it is, if you really want it bad enough you just power through the pain and hope for the best. 

I have a Bachelors that I got ten years ago and I'm working on a second Bachelors, I'm not particularly interested in either major, I just wanted to go to college so my folks would stop referring to me as a loser. I don't have many interests. I am willing to work, I'm not lazy, but I do have trouble with physical work because I have physical limits that tend to be far more limiting than the average person's limits. 

I've done the math and I need roughly $2300/month after taxes to pay all my bills and for my health issues, which translates to around $36k before taxes. 

I'm okay at writing software but not 'good' at it if that makes any sense. I don't have any formal education in programming and don't understand the mathematical/algorithmic side of programming at all, and can't compete with the people who do understand all that stuff. I learned how to program because I'm bad at a lot of things, and at some point I decided that it would be easier to make a computer do all the things that I'm bad at. I created an app that helps me pack for trips without having meltdowns, I created an app that helps me shop for food while taking into account that I can't have certain foods due to sensory issues or incorrect macros, and I'm partway through writing a very large and complicated Python script that will hopefully help me get through storms without completely freaking out. 

I like maps and kayaking and spending a lot of time in the woods. I know a lot about camping gear, probably more than the average person, because for a while I got really into the whole survivalist thing and survivalist gear is just camping gear with extra straps. 

I've considered starting some kind of business selling crafts at craft fairs. Maybe candles and wax melts, I use a ton of wax melts and maybe other people would be interested in that too. I worry about starting a business though, I tried making my own hand sanitizer during the pandemic and it turns out nobody wants to buy hand sanitizer from some random guy. It might be the same with candles for all I know. 

My fiancee had the idea of maybe starting a cleaning business, but I sort of think that'd be too physically strenuous. 

I have about $14k that I can either save and use to live on for the next half year or so, or potentially use some of it to try to make something of myself. I don't want to be dependent on other people anymore. 

Any and all suggestions are welcome.