29, soon to be 30, unemployed, lost
Hi, I'm 29. Soon to be 30 year-old female who lives in one of the most expensive cities in the US. I had a job but it was physically laborious and I have back issues, which it was affecting among a few other physical things. I have applied to several jobs both in person and remote and only one got back to me for a phone interview but it's only 14 - 18 hrs per week and they said they would call me for an in person interview at the end of this next week if interested... so not really very promising.

I have dropped out of film school and am in deep debt. With the end of January looming and us needing to pay back our loans once the grace period ends that we all have had, it is not looking so good.

I live alone and my father has no room for me and my mother also has no room for me and they both are separated living in another state. I have no other family to house me. I'm really concerned about finding work that can support me. There are like $12 per hour online jobs but they cannot support me where I live where $16 - $20 per hour barely supports someone living alone in a studio and I just moved, so I cannot afford to keep moving. I no longer have a car so I can't do Uber or similar car required jobs. A lot of cleaning jobs require you to have your own vehicle as well. I applied for many, many others but yet to receive word back from them.

But aside from my immediate financial issues, I am also at a loss for what I would like to do for a career. It's why I dropped out of school - because it did not seem financially viable, I could hardly go to school and support myself at the time with the hours being conflicting, and I lost a passion for the industry. Originally I was just taking a break but then over time I realized my passion did not return, so I did not return. I changed major a few times so I am just really tired of going to school and not receiving anything in return. I have like 4 years of college under my belt with no degree to speak of because I would transfer schools and many times the credits would not apply. I don't know if I should go back and keep investing time and money in something I'm not as passionate about or what... plus film itself is a very expensive field if you are working independently to get equipment and software.

Basically, all of my interests are "hobby" like interests that are not sustainable. The only one that would be sustainable would not pay much at all even after getting a degree, so it's like why go even further into debt I can't currently afford just to not be able to afford it even more? I look back at all the time I wasted when I could have been enjoying my youthful years not taking life seriously and now I am seeing that I've just gone in circles and not made progress at all... I'm pretty much exactly where I've been since I was 19 and the thought is really depressing coming up to my 30th birthday. I feel like I should have my life figured out by now and don't know what to do. I do have major depression and anxiety but I don't know if my issue is undiagnosed ADHD or what. I was never hyperactive as a child but I have always had that tendency to jump from thing to thing after losing interest. I just want to be satisfied and stable with what I do and where I live for once and consistent with enjoying what I do...

If anyone has advice, I would greatly appreciate it.