27F just quit my career
I just quit my career as a physical therapist. I feel like an idiot and a failure. My brain was telling me this was the wrong this thing to do but it’s what was best for me and my mental health. 

Some context: I went through three long years of school and A LOT of debt to get to where I am. To be honest yes I did have second thoughts about the profession during school, but am a very “finish what I started” kind of person and would assume these feelings would decrease as I went out into the workforce. School was very stressful for me and I struggled severely with my mental health, even landing myself in a psychiatric hospital for a week-long stint. I graduated this past May, began working in August. Especially when I began my clinical rotations (which mostly wasn’t until the last year due to COVID) I started noticing that maybe this wasn’t for me. I also felt that no setting or field of physical therapy was really for me.

I just don’t enjoy what I do. I love working with people, improving their quality of life, but found it nerve wracking to have to guess as you go with complex patients and not be able to answer their questions. I felt incompetent, and over time I became more and more miserable. I also was promised a lot of mentorship at my job (which is rare in this field, most places throw you to the wolves) that I did not get much of, and when I did it felt like a chore for the person mentoring me. They also made me feel very incompetent as well. Documentation made my life hell, I would do hours of work at home that did improve over time, but I really couldn’t stand it. It got to the point where I was dreading going to work and crying in the morning to my boyfriend because I didn’t want to go in.

I feel like yes, a lot of this is me standing in my own way, but I just don’t think PT is for me. I at least need some time off from it, I’ve been eating, breathing and living it for the past 4 years straight. 

I guess what I really am looking for is:
1. Anybody ever been in this boat? I feel physical therapy is often glorified as a great profession and am wondering if I’m the only person that feels this way.
2. Any recommendations for making a career change? I have a BA degree in psychology (for what it’s worth) and some customer service experience. I have some management experience in the food service industry. I would ideally like to use my degree to work with people, I’ve even considered recruiting or HR. I’m open to working from home. I’m hoping my experience working with patients both during clinicals and while working as a PT will be of some help displaying my interpersonal skills.

Please be nice. I’m a bit fragile right now and am looking for genuine advice.