24M soon to have a BA in Anthropology. Not really sure where to go from here, pretty lost, probably depressed. Any advice?
I'll have my degree in May. I took Anthropology because I felt like I could complete it without wanting to off myself after switching from BA in CS, so I can't say I'm interested in working in my field. I'll have around 40k in loans that I used to cover expenses due to unstable home life (no dad, mother became disabled), but I don't have to move from home as long as I can cover utilities. Work and careers in general sound awful to me and always have. Internalized early on that I was just a lazy POS that got spoiled early on from what others said to or about me, but now that I'm getting intrusive suicidal thoughts despite forcing myself to do what I hate, I've begun addressing it with therapy (thanks to Medicaid really). I wish I had talked about it many years ago, but any time I talked about how I felt I was met with insults or being told to man up/get over it/everybody feels that way. So, I have no idea what I want to pursue. I just want something that can allow me to spend my free time doing what I actually enjoy (video games, shows/movies, spending time with people I care about), supports me, and doesn't make me dread it every single day of my life. I'm terrified of returning to what life was like in high school: every early morning, unable to eat due to anxiety and occasionally vomiting, dissociating as much as possible once there to not think about how miserable I am until I got back home in my room and felt normal again. Granted the morning anxiety has already returned since I've started focusing on this. Especially since I've realized that my negative attitude and disposition is not really ideal for getting hired and keeping a job. No one cared about it before in school, at least openly.  That said, I know that when I feel okay, I'm okay to be around. 

So the best ideas I have right now are office jobs like admin or receptionist but even then I'm hesitant because I'm not entirely sure what it is like. I'd like to start part time, but it depends on what I can get. The experience I can list is transcribing for 3playmedia (I do it when I can force myself, not often; very fast at typing and generally good with computers though) and training for an assistant position in a realtor office that lasted a month and went no where since it was a favor for my mom more than anything, but I never pushed myself to do extracurricular activities or internships with no real career in mind that I actually cared about. I could do something boring like data entry or sorting, etc. as long as I can listen to music or YouTube during it. But when it comes to pursuing something greater, like being promoted in certain fields or going for a position that requires more skills, I am lacking any ideas. Most of the time, the money doesn't seem as appealing as the increased responsibilities sound dreadful - beginning to seep into personal time, requiring more individual investment, etc. Should I even worry about this now, or just finding something tolerable to start? Also, I'll finally have my driver's license next month, which has been a struggle due to driving anxiety and no one pushing me into it before. 

Any advice, or other suggestions to look into? I've never asked for help before and have been feeling pretty lost and overwhelmed lately. Anything is appreciated.