Need help choosing a job for someone with depression and inattentive ADHD
Hi, I need some help. I have a 2 year IT degree, and I've worked multiple IT jobs (developer and QA), and I haven't enjoyed any of them. They stress me out and make me depressed since I can't keep up, and I absolutely hate logging my time

Around 2 weeks in, after a job's training/intro, I get incredibly unmotivated and feel tired every day. I've never been fired somehow, despite being on my phone and wasting time at every IT job I've had. I spend way too much time procrastinating in the bathroom, and usually have poor performance reviews (expected), but no write ups or ANYTHING. It's dumb, and it'll never make me/help me change. At my current job, this has gone on for almost two years. I'm surprised I've never fallen asleep at a job, although I have fallen asleep at the wheel twice (sleep deprivation, fatigue in general due to depression. I have gotten tested for sleep apnea and use a CPAP machine currently, but it doesn't help from what I can tell)

I've tried locking up my phone, but then I just stare off while I'm not motivated. These jobs have all paid well enough imo, and coworkers are helpful when I ask, it's just all on me. I think I hate this work, despite my aptitudes being in english/math/computer, etc. related jobs/skills

Anyways, I really dunno where to go from here. I could try retail, but I've heard it sucks and might tank my mental health further, same with food service. There are some facilities near me with production operator jobs, which sounds like working on an assembly line/working a machine, but I have no idea how that'd be for me. At least it might be repetitive, compared to the amount of thought I need to use in IT jobs

Anyone have an idea what I should try? My depression makes me feel like I'm uncoordinated/lack common sense, so it feels like I'd fail at any job, but I really need to try something else. Maybe call center, or something. I don't, but I'd really appreciate any suggestions