Getting Toupet Fundoplication tomorrow. Stories, advice, and nice messages appreciated!!!
Hello everyone! I’m 20 F and suffering from a weak esophagus and 3 cm hiatal hernia. I am receiving the toupet fundoplication tomorrow morning. I’m ready to be able to eat pizza with my friends and not writhe trying to sleep later, or be able to look under my bed for something without bile leaking into my mouth. 

I’ve been through lots of testing and it’s been determined I REALLY need this surgery. My grandmother actually had the same surgery done by the same surgeon 2 years ago and she’s doing amazing, so I’m hoping for good outcomes! 

I have to say, I am very nervous about recovery. I know it’s not good to do this but of course I looked for other people’s opinions and experiences and I’ve seen people saying they got worse after surgery, or that the pain was unbearable and they weren’t normal for months and months afterward. I’m a naturally overthinking and anxious person, so any advice or words of encouragement would be so appreciated!!!

I’ll update tomorrow afterwards when I can and tell you all my experience :))

UPDATE #1: 

Hi guys! I’ve been post-op I think around 8-10 hours I’m not sure, but we started about 2.5 hrs late cuz of a delay with his other patient. I was told the surgery went well and everything was successful. Yay! When I woke up I was very out of it but I will warn you all, it’s probably different for everyone, but the pain from the gas they pump in was excruciating. Definitely a 9 on the pain scale. It’s already gone down to maybe a 4, but it was the worst pain I’ve ever felt for a little while there. None of the pain came from the actual surgery so that’s good and bad in my opinion haha.

It’s about 2 am where I’m at and I’ve been sleeping on and off. I’ve had the tiniest bit of water and lukewarm chicken broth which was actually amazing lmao. They’ve had to give me lots of good pain meds and some nausea meds occasionally but other than that I’ve been fine. I’ve been up to the bathroom 3 times and it gets easier every time. However, it is a little strange to pee cuz you can feel your stomach spam a little!! (It doesn’t hurt at all and you can barely feel it, it’s just weird!) 

I can’t really bend down yet at all and I still have some dull achy pain in my shoulders but hopefully that will subside soon. I’ll let you guys know any other updates I have!!!

MINI UPDATE: 
Hey guys. Woke up around 4:30 and the shoulder pain was back. 5:30 got more morphine. Morphine is nice. Still hurts like a bitch tho