Hoping this can help someone
I have been dealing with shortness of breath, chest pains, and throat spasms for 6 years now. I have been referred to so many different doctors trying to figure out what’s wrong with me. I have had 2 endoscopy’s, a CT scan, chest X-rays, barium swallow test, esophageal ph test, Spirometry and possibly a few other test that I have probably forgotten over the years. Nothing showed anything explaining my symptoms. I had tried almost every PPI out there and none worked. The doctors started to think this was in my head and even put me on SSRI meds to help, but of course that did nothing. I knew this couldn’t just be in my head, I was extremely frustrated. Over the years it continually got worse. I had seen two GI docs which were horrible. I felt they didn’t care nor believe my symptoms were as bad as they were. They got to the point they didn’t want to do anything for me any more since they could never find anything, and we were at a standstill. I annoyed the hell out of them so I’m sure they didn’t like me, but I was determined to get answers. I ended up going back to my family doctor which I’m sure was sick of me at this point too, and she sent me to an ENT doc. This doc was amazing, he didn’t know what was wrong with me but thought it was definitely GI related and sent me to a speech therapist to check for vocal chord dysfunction and a thoracic surgeon to get her opinion. This is when I FINALLY got answers! The thoracic surgeon said she thought it was sliding hiatal hernia and that the other docs and all the other tests missed it. According to her it’s very easy to miss. I had a hard time believing all those test and all those docs could of missed this but I tried to remain hopeful that I would get some answers. She did another endoscopy on me and had me cough during the procedure. This is when she seen that in fact I do have sliding hiatal hernia. (I had to cough for it to be seen which no other doc had me do) I was shocked and relived to finally know that I now have a diagnosis. I then seen the speech therapist that looked at my vocal chords and found that I also have vocal chord dysfunction caused by the hiatal hernia. 6 years of this bullshit and finally I have answers as to what is wrong with me. I’m now scheduled to have a surgery consult to go over options to get rid of the hiatal hernia which I’m being told will in return get rid of the vocal chord dysfunction. I’m starting to see some light at the end of this tunnel. I just wanted to share because I know there’s a lot of people going through the same thing and not getting answers. Don’t give up keep fighting and get your answers. I hope this can help someone because I know how much this can affect someone’s life, it has caused me a lot of pain and depression. I’m hoping the surgery goes well and this can finally be over. Main thing is I at least know what’s been causing me all these issues which finally gave my brain some closure. (I thought I was dying) Point of this is things can apparently be missed and tests don’t always show everything but you know when something is wrong with your body your not crazy. Maybe just a simple cough during your endoscopy can bring your answers  too.