So full from gastroparesis it feels like im pregnant
I went through weird stages of GERD these last 7 months. From acid reflux coughing to the point of coughing blood from a dry throat, to me only being able to drink soylent, to me being able to eat oats and waffles, to not being able to eat anything anymore because of regurgitation, to me being able to drink sodas and eat everything for a week out of nowhere and constantly passing the worst gas of my life and hoping maybe this nightmare is over,
and finally to acid reflux being not as bad of a problem (back on 2X omeprazole a day) but just only being able to eat a single meal a day before I look pregnant and can't move without everything sloshing around. Not even soylent can save me this time it seems.

So here I am laying in bed luckily not suicidal like I was 2 months ago, but just frustrated theres no solution. I haven't been able to see my partner in 5 months, my breath is constantly just smelling like stomach acid, I can't drink more than a few cups of anything a day. It makes me want to just throw all carefulness in the bin and just wing it and hope something fucking fixes it. Fuck it, maybe this time soda will fix it somehow, maybe a massive amount of fiber will get that stuff goin along, maybe if I just force myself to vomit it will clear up, maybe if I stop taking omeprazole I will actually get better?
The weirdest part? Laying down helps. When I walk around or even sit in any position eventually get to the point of regurgitating whatever i had eaten earlier in the day, just gritty bits of it (usually chicken, cutting that next) but the moment I lay down on my left side my stomach gurgle and I can feel all my insides moving and i think things start to move and I feel a strange suction or pressure inside.
I don't know if its relaxing, or less pressure on the stomach, or I have a hernia and its just fixing the position, cause come the morning after things are back to normal and I can fit in a meal like a fresh start. I though gravity was supposed to help and this would make it worse? Threw myself on gas-X and miralax hoping to maybe push all this along and relieve the bloating but day 3 back on this BS and no change. 
Got a barium swallow sometime in the next two weeks, im not religious but pray for me homies cause this shit sucks as you all know. If anyone has some wild advice or reassuring words, I'd love to hear it.

TLDR: bloated, tired, gerd and gastropareisis sucks, laying down helps for some reason? Luckier than most im not throwing everything up, but still fuck this