Conflicted: I was offered a job but they kept mentioning diversity
TL;DR: Recruiter from the phone screen mentioned how proud they were of their diversity and throughout the process of my interviews different individuals would mention they highly value diversity, I’m a biracial woman and I feel like I was offered a job to fill a void on their diversity/inclusion ratio.

Some details:
I’m applying for a type of job I have proxy experience in. I’ve worked in startups for the last 6 years so I wore lots of hats but my title was never the job I’m going for now. The job is more technical than I’m used to but I figured I’d try because you’ll never know if someone is willing to gamble on you if you don’t try. 

So I get a phone screen call and I feel like I bombed it but then the recruiter jumps into all the company benefits and mentions they value diversity and inclusion, so much so their company is 35% women. I reply with “oh nice!” That’s it…and we kind of conclude and she sets up the next interview.

Okay so there’s 4 interviews total, in each one (with management or higher positions always present) a manager would mention how they value diversity and different backgrounds. By the 3rd interview I thought it was odd that each interview was ending on this note and discussion.

I’m weary on accepting this position because I feel like maybe they are just hiring me to fill a diversity void and bring some color to their about page. Am I overthinking this? I haven’t interviewed for a job (especially one with 300+ employees) in 5 years, is this the new normal? Thoughts?

Edit: I wanted to add [this article](https://aninjusticemag.com/being-a-diversity-hire-as-an-asian-ab4bc0d23e7e) to address some of the comments like “what’s the big deal” that I was getting. I wasn’t able to articulate my feelings as well as this article that was shared with me by u/Original-Sense-6986 . If you get an opportunity and have 5ish mins to spare, this is a good little insight into what it’s like to look for work as a minority. (At least this mirrors my experience. I’m sure there is a vast spectrum of experiences but I thought I would share.) I like this conversation though, I hope we can have more candid discussions not just online but in person to our coworkers and employers.