Job doesn't want to approve personal leave for bereavement, unsure what to do
I told my boss that I might need to go back to my family in a different state. At the time my sister was just in the hospital.  She said I could not do a personal one because of the timing (black friday through christmas). I said okay because at the time the hospital wasnt taking any visitors. I got the news yesterday, told my boss I wasn't coming in and did a PLA as I did not see an option for just  bereavement. 

My boss said that it was typically 3 days. I told her the one I did was a minimum of 15 days and will be back on the 1st. She then told me that HR wanted to talk to me. 

I told them it was my sister and they responded by asking that since PLA is denied during the time period, that they could do 3 days and then 2 days more since it was a sister (or maybe not because she was my half sister, because they did  ask). 

I don't know what to do or say in this situation.  I'm a little annoyed because they basically just forcing me back for 3-4 days (we don't work christmas eve,christmas or new years eve). I understand covid is a medical thing, but they have been short staffed before. 

Also, the leave is showing as approved in my portal and I even talked to the central HR or something, so I'm confused.  

I'm 22 and this is my first job out of college and unsure how to proceed.  To be fair, one guy took three days off I believe after his grandfather died, so what to do?

Edit: been here for 6 months.

Edit: Thanks everyone for your help and comments! I can't get to everyone, so I'll try to include everything in the update. **Biggest  thing is that I have my two weeks off **

To go into detail, some commenters seem confused about what the policies are regarding bereavement. From what I now know, bereavement as its own policy is apparently 3 days. I asked and expressed confusion to both my boss and HR about how to get that as typically HR is "self- service." I still don't see how to apply for that even after I went through the pages again. I applied for a PLA and choose death in family as the option (the offical category was personal reasons). 

PLA is currently in a blackout period until Christmas ( or, i believe so, as that question never got answered either). I didn't realize that even PLA for bereavement was still subject to the black out period. Apparently they're supposed to be automatically denied, which is why the HR wanted me to reach out. She offered me 5 days and then told me to get approved for more, I should have talked to her beforehand since the timing and so she could intervene with the details of my relationship to the specialist.  

I reiterated the dates I requested and tried to confirm if the dates in questions were 1-3 days if the blackout period ended on Christmas. I also told her that it is showing approved on my end. After that, she just said if it shows approved, it's fine and that PLA is unpaid versus bereavement.  

I don't really care if it's unpaid or not, but on my portal, it shows as leave with pay. At this point, it'll be a surprise when my check comes as I don't feel like talking to any type of HR person again. 

Regardless, because of the shift timings, it's like 8  work days I'll be missing. They'll live. Thanks again.