Offered a new job with higher salary. Current employer wants to counter.
Hi, folks! I’m a 26 year old admin working in a small tech company as a shipping lead. Not the fanciest job but I’ve been here for nearly 5 years. I’ve gained lots of admin experience. I moved last year to an apartment that is a little more expensive than my last, and I’ve been struggling to make ends meet. A few months ago, I requested to work remotely, as many of my coworkers do so, and my commute is 30-45 minutes every day. They rejected my request and asked me why I wanted to work remotely. I advised them it was due to my commute and explained that I would save money by working remotely. My other request was for a raise, as that would offset my commute costs. They suggested I look for a second job. (I work full time.)

I started looking for a new job instead and was offered a position with a $20k increase, close to my home… perfect! It took some time interviewing but I received my offer today. It’s a government position so the benefits are also pretty great. I resigned today but my current job asked me if they could counter. I said I’d be willing to consider but it would be hard to beat given the circumstances. They will let me know tomorrow but want to offer me a counter offer to match the salary AND allow me to work fully remotely.

I know I’m likely going to leave regardless of the counter offer as I have issues beyond my salary and commute. However, my main question is - as I haven’t signed my new offer yet, should I let my new employer know of the counter offer? I don’t know if it will result in them matching it (again, it’s a government position, so I’m not sure how “fixed” the salary is). I’m worried they may rescind the offer if I ask for a higher salary, although I’m not sure that’s likely… 

Any help is appreciated! I feel like I know the answer honestly, but I’m an anxious person by nature so I’m mainly looking for reassurance!

———————————————————————————

UPDATE: Thanks so much for your responses! I’m going to accept the new job without showing the counter offer (and I’m for sure leaving!) as it’s a government position that I’m not sure would be willing to negotiate either way. Why risk a good thing? 

For those asking, I’m just an admin, but I’ve been working for over 8 years in administration and negotiate hard as I’m a caretaker for two disabled relatives in a high COL area. Thank you again for all your guidance - I appreciate all your different perspectives.