Am I getting fired??
A few months ago, I got put on a PIP. I know that's generally a pretty bad sign, but I have been putting in effort to improve my performance and my manager has consistently noted my improvement.

The PIP trial period recently came to an end. I expected my manager to send me some documents indicating the completion of the PIP. Instead, he scheduled a meeting with me and HR on Friday. I tried to inquire over email what this meeting was for and got no response.

I am becoming increasingly paranoid that this is a "you're getting fired" meeting. But part of me wants to believe that my manager wouldn't be so cruel as to have me work the entire week before Christmas just to fire me on Christmas Eve. If they were going to fire me, wouldn't they have done it already?

This whole ordeal has caused me a huge amount of anxiety, and I cannot tell if I am just being paranoid or if my concerns of being fired are legitimate. If I am getting fired, then I would much rather quit now and spend this week with my family instead of working for a company that doesn't give a shit about me.

So, do you think I am getting fired? And if you were me, what would you do?



Update: First, I want to thank everyone who responded to this post. I especially want to thank everyone who encouraged me to stick it out until the end of the week. I also want to thank everyone who shared their own stories and gave me hope that this wouldn't be the end. Lastly, I want to thank those who thought for sure I was getting fired and encouraged me to start applying for jobs right away (I did take your advice). I was feeling very anxious about this meeting and all of you guys really helped me feel better.

Now for the real update: I wasn't fired. However, my manager made it very clear that I just barely survived the PIP. He basically said that I am on very thin ice, and if my performance drops again there won't be a second PIP - I'll just be fired. Some of you guys shared stories of surviving PIPs just to be fired a short while later, and I fear that I am on a similar trajectory. I had hoped that from this meeting I would finally get some clarity on whether or not I was being fired. Instead, it feels like I am stuck in a perpetual state of not knowing which week will be my last. However, thanks to all of you, I now feel significantly less anxious about the idea of being fired, and I feel equipped to deal with it if it does happen.

I have also learned from my past mistakes. When I first got put on a PIP I should have started applying for jobs immediately, and I didn't. Now I have already started looking for jobs and I will continue to do so. In the meantime, I will stick it out at my current job, until either I find a better one or they fire me for real.