I don't know what to do with my free time, and it makes life very dull, and meaningless. I know how to work, but I feel like I'm working for nothing.
Hey there, this is my first time posting on reddit, and I figured I'd just give it a try to see if anyone can help me by giving some advice.
Before I can get to that, I think it's important to see where I'm coming from.

I've had a hard year and a half working 60 hours a week or more. I was even gone for 5 months to fight forest fires which added up to more like 70 or 80 hours a week plus camping almost all summer. I'm a young adult, and having spent so much of my time working, or in school, I feel as though I've fallen subject to existing rather than living. I honestly don't know what to do with myself if I'm not working. This is how it's been since I can remember. In school, id do my work, eat lunch alone, get back to it, go home and play video games with some friends or maybe play sports with my dad and then go home and repeat. Now a days, its pretty much work, sleep, eat, workout, repeat. I dont have much desire to go play video games, because ive realised how they have englufed me in the past, resulting in no real life achievement. I also find partying to be an utter waste of time, offering no fulfillment to me and just constant pressure. I don't mind it once in a while. 
The only things I know I enjoy are walking and driving, or working out, while listening to music alone, and thats mostly because i have to be doing something once i get bored of doing nothing but watch netflix or doing chores. I feel like a robot. I'm wondering if anyone else has had this type of experience before? I'm also naturally very introverted, and become outgoing once I open up to select people. So it's not that im afraid to go make friends, I just literally feel like I can't cause I don't really do anything fun or interesting, and feel like I'll just disappoint the people around me by being boring (but I know that my personality isnt particularly boring, but i just havent developed myself into an interesting person). Ive found myself to be very anxious and in my head when around others. It also leads to feeling a lot of pressure to entertain the people around me, even though I struggle to entertain myself outside of my deep, almost philosophical thoughts, or just random pointless ones like what would happen if I threw a rock at that wasp hive on that tree. 
After spending so much time camping (to fight fires) this summer, with literally NOTHING to do in my free time, I spent a lot of it thinking about how we waste our time so much. Now I'm in an offseason period, working minimally under the table, but it's not fulfilling and I'd like to go get a job in customer service so I can work on my intrapersponal skills and network a bit. But I don't want to fall into the trap of just working and that's all. I want to feel fulfilled. The last time I felt consistently happy, was when I was like 12 years old, where I was just living life. Now, I feel like I've become so 'focused' on working, that I've forgotten how to be present, and have fun without thinking about the future when I don't need to be thinking about it, because ironically that has been detrimental to my future. 

So after my long, and very unstructured rant (clearly, I have a lot of bottled up thoughts), 
my question is, what can I do to work towards becoming more present, less socially awkward (which I think stems from the thought of being boring, or of no value to others), and possibly some simple hobbies or activities I can pursue that aren't too demanding to try out, that I can use to learn new skills, and relate to others better.

Thank you for taking the time to read through my messy question, I really appreciate it!