I (23M) want to give up on my life.
So everything has been going wrong lately. My life hasante just been terrible. I lost my job in July, shortly after my car was impounded for 30 days because I have a suspended license. In August when I was due to get my car back my fiance had her first experience with psychosis which we now know is schizophrenia. I've relapsed on cocaine after being sober for 4 years. I'm also a father to a 6 year old and I feel like I'm not doing a good job at that at all. Yesterday my car was impounded again with my teenage cousin with me because he wanted to do burnouts in a lot but police passed so I got pulled over and my car was impounded yet again. Also I have a reckless driving and child endangerment charge on top of my driving with a suspended license. I know it was stupid on my part and it's all my fault. I'm already low on money and will so I feel like I can't continue on this self destructive path. I don't want to keep making the same mistakes over and over again. 7 months ago I was doing so damn well my family was proud of me. I got engaged everything was going so good and now all this. It's a huge fucking mess! My fiance has been staying with her uncle a couple hours away for 2 months now and she's been doing really well. I'm honestly proud of her she got a great job and everything. I decided to try and stay behind so my son can finish school at least till winter break and I could also get my shit together but i failed. I'm letting my son go with his mom and her uncle in 2 days and it hurts to let him go. I see the Christmas tree in our living room and I think about how great everything was before. I feel like I'm just broken now. Me and my fiance just argue about non sense now so it's hard to even be around her. And I'd prefer if they could just be happy without worrying about me. I feel like I just wanna end this cycle of bullshit. I don't want this. I want my old life back but I don't feel like that's gonna happen. I'm debating on taking the "cowards way out" because it doesn't feel the same not having her help like I use to. Ever since my fiancee first psychotic break she hasn't been the same. I feel like I lost my help, my partner, my best friend, and my future wife. I wanna quit life. I'm trash and I don't want to soil anyone else especially my son. I don't want him to see his father as this.