I’m young but feel like i’m at the end of my rope. What do I do
I’ll just start it off so there’s enough context to get into my actually situation.
Throughout my life I’ve had a multitude of hobbies, things I enjoy, but I have a habit to drop things that I’m not immediately good at. I did this with sports when I was younger for example. I started theatre when I was 6, and I’ve stuck through it till now. I’m currently a junior in high school, and I’ve never really been good at school. I don’t know if it’s the environment or my own laziness, or a combination of both but it’s something. I’m not dumb (I don’t think) I just don’t pay attention, and I don’t know why. Maybe it’s the part of my brain that needs stimulation. ever since the 7th grade I’ve slipped up constantly, I always manage to pass, but not with the success that I’d like. I always take advance classes because I feel like I need to prove something to my parents because they’ve had hope for me, but my mom eventually stopped hoping, she’s told me many times that if I fail I fail and she tried and nothing works. My dad still believes in me, and gives me positive reinforcement when I need it and it works. I have a 3.0 GPA currently, with an A, two C’s and a D. (most of them are like that because I’ve turned in work that has yet to be graded because we’re on break currently.) I have a job in my downtown area, I don’t hate working there but I’ve had 4 jobs all together counting this one (left the others because I received better opportunities). I’m making money but I have a spending issue, when i should be saving because my parents don’t pay for my car insurance or my phone, that’s all on me. But for some reason I continue to spend money and I know I shouldn’t but I do, and it eats at me. My mom yelling at me constantly doesn’t help anything not even herself, and I don’t know. I don’t have many friends I just have people I know and who I talk to, I’ve been in a relationship for a year, I hardly go out anymore, I really want to do music but I don’t think my stuff is good enough to make an actual living out of it, I love theatre more than anything but I’m mediocre at best.
What do I do, where do I go, how can I become better?