Feeling Stuck and Hopeless 😩
Hello fellow life doers. Guess you could say I’m responsible, sure. But damn do I feel like shit lately…

I’m a 24(M) who’s been struggling with depression and anxiety since I was a teenager. It feels like it comes in waves where I feel great and motivated then crash into depressive episodes. Except what I’ve noticed recently is that my periods of feeling great are a lot shorter and my periods of feeling depressed are a lot longer. I’m starting to dig a hole for myself faster than I am able to climb out of and I’m worried. My well-being is slowly declining and I can’t muster up the motivation to work towards creating a better life.

I will mention that I recently was divorced from my Ex-wife… however it was a short lived relationship. Long story short I started dating this girl, got a bit careless, got her pregnant, got married, had a miscarriage, got divorced… all in less than 6 months. It was a roller-coaster of emotions that contributed to a lot more negative thinking. I recognize that this event is probably a big reason for my current stress and depression, but I still think there’s more to it. All my relationships that I ever had were less than 6 months, but consisted of intense emotions where we say I love you and such in a short amount of time. I think my depressive cycles have revolved around relationships. Or rather seeking love, lust, and infatuation. Love is a drug and damn I get high asf’ off it sometimes.

I think about the next time I will be in love again and that creates the period of motivation for me. Then I meet someone, fall in love, fall out of love, then get depressed. This has been my cycle and I hate it. I feel stuck and I feel hopeless. I see this pattern as self-destructive and honestly a little pathetic. Like don’t I have anything else going for me besides tryna hook up and fall in love? Well no actually and that’s where I’m stuck, after my last relationship with my Ex I’ve said no more to these stupid dating shenanigans for right now until I can get into a better spot in my life. 

With that being said, I need some advice. Before, I would get myself motivated for life by the prospect of a meeting a new partner. Now that I’m letting that way of thinking go, I need help finding a new source of motivation. A new why. It’s been struggle to find it and I was wondering if anyone else had been through something similar and found an answer or a process that worked for them. All of your responses are greatly appreciated. Anyways thank you and have a nice day!