I finally accepted that I am going to die alone
I’m 20 male, abusive childhood, emotional and physical trauma, not to mention having no social skills for the majority of my life and the fact that I’m super love starved has torn me up inside for my entire life. I wanted friends I wanted someone to love me. But I am worthless and no matter how many times someone online tells me I’m not it’s true. I fall in love with people way too easy. The thing is if a pretty girl comes up and talks to me I won’t really be interested in her. However if I meet someone who’s personality is incredible and beautiful. Then I’m going to fall in love and I already know I don’t have any chances I’m ugly as shit and am way too quiet. To the point where I wouldn’t be surprised if my coworkers thought of me as a freak. They tell me I’m awesome and that I’m a great worker and that I’m fantastic. But like her they don’t talk to me I’ve tried to talk to her and I failed immediately. I’m too boring. I have no personality and I’m too attached. She’s too perfect. I’m pretty sure she’s going to find someone soon she’s already talking about this guy she is into and a previous coworker who used to work with us already asked her out. I think it’s kinda obvious I like her but I try not to show it and I try to keep away. She’s very kind she tells me how much she adores me and how much she loves me but I don’t think it’s genuine that’s impossible. For one thing we don’t talk aside from small talk. Compared to my other cowokers who chat with her 24/7 I am nothing. It’s been like this with people my entire life. I’m going to die alone and I’ve finally accepted it. It’s ok as long as I disassociate and tell myself it’s fine that I’m going to die alone and live the rest of my life alone it’s gonna be ok. People like me don’t get happy endings and that’s ok. People like her do. She is perfect, I am not. She was raised by people who adored her people who loved her, I was not and that’s ok. Maybe if I was more attractive people wouldn’t ignore me, maybe if I had a personality I would have friends like her. I wish I was loved growing up. A child needs love. I won’t open up to someone and scare them off not anymore. But it’s fine I accepted this. I will live my life trying my fucking hardest to dissociate. I hope things go well for her and everyone else. Someone like me will never find happiness and that’s ok.