i'm sick of these bullshit advices
"get a pet" - you know, pets can't hold a serious conversation

"buy a vibrator" - a sex toy won't cuddle with me

"get some friends online" - thanks, i have enough long-distance buddies on twitter, that doesn't solve my social media addiction issues and doesn't make me less lonely because i still have no one to go to a bar with on a friday night

"use your time to earn more money" - i already have two jobs, thanks

"get a new hobby" - i have enough hobbies

"love yourself, enjoy your time alone, be self-sufficient" - god if i hear this again, i'm gonna commit arson because loneliness is literally all i've known for my entire life and i'd really love to try something different. i've never had enough friends or my own friend group, i've never been loved, i've never been on an actual date, i've never been in a relationship, constant me-time with no other options is literally my whole life and i'm fucking tired of it. it grew worse thanks to some person with an eating disorder who thought that munching on a bat was a good idea ad now i have even less opportunities to socialize.

my current "support network" is three people, two of which are my parents. i'm 25 and i don't wanna spend my life like that, sitting in front of my laptop and only talking to my mom. i swear to god, one more year of covid crap, having no friends, and constant skin hunger - and i'm killing myself. today i literally had a full-blown meltdown because i was at a bar looking at happy couples and friend groups, i literally cried for two hours, i can't take it anymore. i'm so fucking angry. at myself - for being not good enough to just hang out with, let alone fall in love. at literally everyone with a better social life than mine - because why the fuck won't you let me in? at everyone who rejected, ghosted, or abused me - because i still don't know why i deserved being treated like that. fuck this. fuck everyone who is sOcIaLlY aDjUsTeD and never knew what rejection feels like - especially when these people give me all these useless bullshit advices that sound like "you're hungry? try glucose injections".