Fun life with girls, money and drugs and complete destruction. My story.
Hi everyone,

I've been diagnosed with covert narcissism 10 years ago(I was 19 then). I'm pretty average looking guy, but by my good flow in conversations, confidence and lies, I had it always easy at work(worked in sales in banks and in tv store) and with girls. Even though I often had money, excelled at work and I could get girls, I wanted more from life.

I traveled to many countries, did fun things and learned cool stuff, I felt depressed and thought I need to get more from life. I quickly started to try drugs, among others, opiates(codeine, DHC, oxy)benzos(xanax, klonopin), that made my life even less stressful and enjoyable, I craved to feel even better.

As you can guess, I got addicted to that stuff and since than my life consisted of highs, when I felt good with my addictions and relationships and lows, when my life crumbled because of drugs and my social life felt apart. Rinse and repeat.

Now fast forward to 2017.

I felt in love with a girl, who accepted my past and abuse of substances, that was a time, when I was sober for couple of months and we started long-distance relationship. I was her first boyfriend, she quickly moved out of her city and came to live in mine. We didn't lived together though, I wanted to be sure, that I wouldn't take drugs anymore, before any serious commitment. Unfortunately I quickly stopped feeling high from love and sought again pleasure from drugs. I hid it from her and was able to organize my life in such a way, that I had time for a job, for her and for opiates and I successfully juggled everything for 3 years and made it work, during that time I quit drugs many times but kept coming back to them, rationalizing it, because I tried to stabilize my life many times, hiding my addiction, while helping her.

I loved my ex, bought her nice stuff, took for vacations, I was always generous and tried to be unselfish, we never even have a fight(out first and last fight was when we split), but she had some difficult issues to overcome.

It was usually fun, we talked for 3-4 hours about our feelings, art, music and everything interesting, but she was really introverted, had a trauma, because of her upbringing and abusive mother, to whom she was codependent to. Because of that she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression.

Sometimes for weeks I came back from work, went to her and hold her hand for hours, listening to her crying and feeling horrible, advised to go to therapy and psychiatrist, but nothing really helped.

**Fast forward to 2020, the worst year of my life.**

In January I had major depression episode lasting 3 months, that's when I broke up with my girlfriend, in company I worked for there were massive changes leading to my salary being halved, so I quit my job. Some time after that I went to a party, where I was poisoned and robbed of all my life's savings(around 100 thousand euros).

Last year I spend on even more drugs, lying in my bed for days and having suicidal thoughts. I started pulling myself together only this year, went to a psychiatrist, started to analyze my behavioral patterns seriously and I'm slowly fixing them, detoxing and learning to overcome my pride and selfishness.

Now I have one long-distance female friend and one IRL, try to take feelings of others into consideration and slow down with romances, not rushing anything, looking for only deeper relationships. I try to follow my passions, learn to play the piano, 3D modelling and working in a position below my qualifications.

It's still incredibly hard. But I'm accepting my life as it is, thinking how I can improve it and recognize toxic patterns, staying off substances and working towards semi-normal life. It's definitely more boring, so I direct my compulsive instincts to writing poetry and my other passions, which makes my life more bearable, but I finally see some progress. Finish a project brings me joy, that I never felt before and sometimes it's really good.

When I was surrounded by dark void and suicidal thoughts, I was sure my life will always look like that, but I was wrong and I appreciate life in non-destructive way as much as I can.

I know that fixing everything will take my a long time, but I hope I can do it.

Thanks for reading. Ask me anything, if you like.