Starting over. Again.
28y F. I’ve been in therapy off/on for half of my life. I’ve been convinced, for as long as I can remember, that something is profoundly wrong with me that no one can understand but everyone knows about or will figure out eventually. Love being seen as the victim but know I’m really the abuser and want that power. When I started really researching a few years ago, sociopathy or covert NPD fit the most and still do. I’ve told my therapist over and over. Saw a psychiatrist and went to a clinical psychologist for personality testing. Said ASPD was a “poor conceptual fit” but didn’t address NPD. Obsessive research about Cluster B disorders (spend more time on this than anything else and have told lots of people about it). I’ve cycled through friends/lives/jobs every couple of years... Even as a little kid. Awful anxiety and self-hatred/shame as a kid. Antisocial even then. People said, even when I was young, that there was something wrong with me/they didn’t trust me. New “partner” every 6 months or so. Chronic infidelity/obsession with people. Inappropriate relationships with bosses/friends’ partners or family members. Lovebomb/devalue (them or myself)/discard (usually because I can’t tolerate my own shame). Love being broken and riding the high of doing something bad (poor me). Live in fantasy or darkness or self pity. Tried SLAA a few times but was never able to really give myself to the program/let go of this belief that I’m different and can’t be honest. Everyone there seemed so earnest and good and “codependent” and talked a lot about being victimized by narcissists. I couldn’t tolerate it. Have so many secrets I can’t keep up. Haven’t been on social media in years because I can’t handle it. Everyone knows a different version of me. Quit my new job so people wouldn’t figure me out. Always ghosting and running. Sick of people feeling sorry for me/trying to help me. Therapist (of several years) thinks I need to see someone else and is pulling away. Best friend I’ve ever had is doing the same thing. Afraid to leave my house because I’ll run into someone I’ve ghosted or lied to. I’ve burned all my bridges. Out of excuses. Don’t think I can work but I want to... just that all my same issues will come up or someone will ask me about something and I won’t be able to lie my way out. I’m a user and a con underneath everything. And am sometimes proud of that. I just create what people want to feel normal for a moment and take what I can. But it never lasts. I’ve done lots of sadistic things. Still do sometimes but less often… cause just as much harm though. Wish people would just leave me alone but also want someone to live my whole life with me to keep me on track and protect me from myself. Or see my special abilities and show me the way. Wave a magic wand or give me a pill to take. Make it all go away. Many of my relationships have been with similarly disordered people but I think I’m worse than all of them. My parents won’t believe me, even though I’m sure they knew when I was a kid (and said things like “we always knew you’d do this again”). I want a “catch all” diagnosis which I know doesn’t absolve me of personal responsibility but I feel like I need it so that at least I can be something. Unsure if anyone relates but could use advice from someone, anyone, who might. I know this post is pathetic and whiny. This is how I feel when I don’t feel untouchable and superhuman.