Nurse witnessing traumatic covid events. Long post.
I need somewhere to share the struggles I am living with at the moment. 

Back when the pandemic started, from the first patients being admitted to our hospital, I was there trying to help the sickest patients, but it wasn't ICU or critical care. That meant I witnessed people gasping for air, being awake but wanting to die because they couldn't take anymore. 

At the start of the pandemic, we had no idea what we were dealing with or how bad it was going to get. The doctors had to ration the machines we were using on patients. 
One night shift, I had the task of weaning an elderly lady off her oxygen. And basically help her die. That's how it feels. She was confused, but alert, the most alert I have ever had to wean anyone off oxygen. Before giving her medications to help her feel more comfortable, I called her son to inform him that his mother was not going to make it and would he like to say goodbye to her. I took the phone to the elderly lady so she could speak to her son for the last time. 
Through the night, I slowly weaned her oxygen whilst at the same time giving her sedatives and analgesia so she would peacefully slip away. 
This all happened in a dark, clinical hospital bay, with the bedside lamp on, holding her hand and being with her. 

After this, I worked in another part of the hospital as I was finding it too much to bear. 

But over a month ago, due to staff shortages, I was asked if I could cover a shift on the covid ward. 

As soon as my shift started, I was in a side room with a patient on full oxygen support who was struggling to maintain his oxygen levels. I looked at him and said he was going to be okay, and we would do our best to help him. Next thing we took him to intensive care. I learnt the next day that he died soon after being intubated. 

I've been off work now for 3 weeks, struggling to cope with the grief that I feel for these people. I see death all the time as a nurse but these cases will always stay with me. Just how cruel this disease has been to deny those at death's door to be with their loved ones. 

I feel an immense amount of guilt for the elderly lady. Feeling as though I had to rush her death. 


Over the year I've been irritable, angry and lately feel enormous jealousy towards people who have not been affected by the pandemic. I feel separate from the rest of society. People are getting on with their lives and I'm stuck, with these painful memories, guilt and anger. I can't enjoy things like I used too, and have a dimmer view on life. Especially how this pandemic seems to be never ending.


Any help as to how I live now. I know I'll never be the same but I have lost hope, and am struggling to see a way forward. 

Is it normal to feel distant from other people. I can't seem to relate to anyone anymore, or see things people get upset about as being nothing compared to what others have been through. There's a girl at rugby where I train and I literally want to smash her face in when she opens her mouth. All because she's at that age of being young and arrogant/obnoxious. Is it normal for me to feel this way?