Today my uppity cousin (same age as me) is getting the wedding of her dreams in mexico...I get my fiance's grave stone. I'm crying I just need to Vent this out...
**This is just a Vent. Please no advice or platitudes.**  Today my rude uppity (definition of always silver spoon) cousin is getting the wedding of her dreams on the beach in mexico. Call me petty, stupid, a bitch or whatever but yes I'm jealous! I'm just seething with rage and hate..and obviously not there because I haven't cared to speak to her in years she has always been so uppity. I know don't compare your life to others bla bla but we are the same age (30). I'm dead inside grieving over my fiance's death, and she is always celebrating.

My heart is just broken she gets the life of my dreams while all I have are memories and a grave stone. 

It was supposed to be me. I had a soulmate. We didn't get to get married but we called each other husband and wife. We were going to get married in Hawaii. I was supposed to wear a beautiful dress and him in his Marine uniform. My mom was supposed to see her daughter get married, now all she sees is me crying. We were going to honeymoon in Hawaii and go to the Mauna Kea observatory and see the stars. He tragically passed and I'll forever be dead with him. I'm fucking crying typing this...fuck this cruel life. 

I hate you...hope you enjoy your wedding ...NOT!!! And not all of us get to smile again, laugh again. I'm just so furious, so hurt, so devastated...so...just FUCK!!!!!

My cousin has gotten everything, super wealthy from rich grandma, a beautiful new home.. married, and everything has been taken from me. I lost my fiance, my beloved home, my finances, I let addiction take over due to grief and it wrecked my looks, my health is gone (I'm disabled now from injury). She will probably have kids and I never will. I ONLY wanted them with him. We had names picked out and everything. I got a spite sterilization after his death. 

She gets to go on with life while I just scream WHY did he have to die!!! Come back J I need you!!! And I just sit and "exist" for my mom, dog and best friend...I don't live. I welcome the day I can finally pass.