How do I convince myself that the world is capable of safety?
I was doing some parts work with my EMDR therapist earlier and there were conversations between the part of me that holds all of the bad things that’ve happened to me (the Negative part) and the part of me that is tired of feeling this fearful and wants to believe that the world can be safe (the Naive part). 

The Negative part holds all of my traumas, especially my sexual assault and rape traumas. It believes the world is completely unsafe, that bad things are inescapable, and is completely fearful and expecting myself to fall victim to more assaults, rapes, gang rapes, kidnappings and torture. There is no truly safe space. My dad could rape me. My friends could rape me. People who stare at me while I’m commuting have bad intentions for my body. I don’t want anybody to look at me, be near to me, touch me. I don’t want to exist within their presence. I want to be alone, unseen, untouched. It takes up 98% of me, does not listen to logic or other parts, does not accept reason and discussion, holds me prisoner in a space where there can be nothing else but terrible, terrible things that I can visualise and feel happening in my head. This part is weathered with years, wants to die for there is nothing else but feeling this way. It dissociates me often. I cannot trust anybody. Not my family, not my friends, not my therapists, not strangers, no-one at all.

The Naive part is the part that is just so tired of feeling all of this fear. It wants to believe that the world is capable of being good, of being safe, that nice things happen here. I call it naive because it is optimistic, and i no longer subscribe to optimism or idealism. It is the remaining 2% that tries very hard to believe that it is not all bad, but I am not convinced.

It’s the tiny, pale, translucent sliver of light that falls on the edge of a graveyard full of death that has no end. I can never reach it, this light. The rows of tombstones are infinite.

I don’t have even the slightest sense of safety. I even have a sexual part that takes over during my traumatic events that knows exactly how to accept my situation and reciprocate so that it does not turn more violent — I am ashamed of this part. I am depressed, feel emotionally numb and empty. I dissociate a fair bit, dissociate when I get emotional, am unable to get the feelings towards my traumas out because every time I start crying, the wall against my emotions immediately sets in. I don’t want to live like this, I would rather die. What do I do?

There is no inpatient / IOP programme for trauma here where I’m at. The only places that exist are psych wards in 5–7 hospitals. I don’t know what to do.