being gaslighted by my therapist?
tw- mentioning sa, nothing graphic or specific 

recently, i’ve really felt like i’m being gaslighted by my therapist.

we’ve been doing trauma therapy for a few years now and i’ve recently decided i’d like to take a break and focus on my current life. since then, i’ve really felt like he’s gaslighting me.

first, he keeps bringing up my trauma and asking if it “really happened” i never know what to say when he asks. sure, healthy skepticism is valid, but he’s my therapist i’ve been working with for years and it feels like a betrayal of trust. 

i told his yesterday “i feel like you don’t believe me” and his response was “no. i believe you more than you believe yourself” which felt like he was lying. if he wasn’t then why has he repeated asked me if i was faking? 

he’s frankly asked some really out there questions too. he think i should get a hymen check to prove what really happened happened. that made me EXTREMELY uncomfortable because a) i’m not even pursing legal action against my abusers at the moment b) hymen checks aren’t a good indication of sexual abuse and c) he should believe me unless i say otherwise. i even told him that was out of line and he said it was “just a thought”

when he makes me uncomfortable or pushes me to speak about something when i don’t want to i tell him “i’m not ready to talk about this yet” and he told me “you’re going back to day one in therapy”

which is really, really ironic because day 1 me had no sense of boundaries and always let him drive the conversation. i’ve finally built the confidence to advocate my needs and he treats me like that’s a bad thing. it makes me feel like i should just listen to him because he knows best and maybe i’m wrong for speaking up. 

sorry this was so long. i just wanted advice from others if this is normal behavior for a therapist or if i’m being gaslighted. i don’t use the word gaslight lightly but he’s making me doubt my own reality and perception of what happened to me. 

does anyone have any thoughts or advice? it would be appreciated