My Parents drove 10+ hours to see me for Christmas and I didn’t let them in.
And I am proud of myself for finally standing up to them.  

After 30 years of emotional abuse and dealing with their rudeness and disrespect, I put my foot down and stood by my word.  I told them over the summer that I have no desire to spend time with them if they keep up the bad attitudes and the constant insults but they didn’t take it seriously.  I hope they can see that I’m serious now.


**Edit:** My Mom lives on the West Coast, Dad in East Coast, me in New England.  Mom flew to Dad’s house then they drove together with the dog.  This is the first time I have gone more than 3 days without speaking to them. I do miss seeing my pup :(

When they come to my home, they say things like “You got even fatter than the last time I saw you”, “I didn’t think you could get any uglier but your face looks so bad”, “Let’s go get your hair and nails done because you’ll never find a husband looking like that”, “If you don’t have kids then who will take care of you when you’re older?”.    I am not looking for a husband.  I have a well-paying career and am currently doing a PhD at a prestigious University.  They don’t support this lifestyle.   They call me fat and ugly and then complain that I have low esteem and no confidence.

They throw the food out of my kitchen and only let me eat what they prepare.  Now I have to hide things in the bedroom closet before they come so it doesn’t get trashed.  When I get mad, they say I’m too sensitive or can’t take a joke.  I’ve said multiple times that I don’t want to spend time with them if they act like this but they think I’m being moody and don’t take it seriously. I hope they take it seriously now that I refused to see them.  In their eyes they are great because they didn’t beat me growing up and gave me a good education and material things.  So of course I am in the wrong here..

The older I get (30F), the more I see the damage they do.  I am spending the Holidays alone cooking, cleaning, watching movies, and playing video games. Starting Therapy in January.  Thank you for the support everyone.