Just turned 32 &amp; have spent one year without my monsters... Here's what I've learned about myself.
1. I deserve more love than I ever got.
2. My childhood was dark and none of it was my fault, because I was a child and deserved real care.
3. I have been holding a lot of sadness and anxiety for a long time.
4. I am learning to stand up for myself, but am still unsure what proper boundaries look like.
5. I feel ashamed when I have money, like I shouldn’t hold it and don’t deserve to keep it.
6. I am scared to be selfish.
7. My reactions are related to my raising and the skills I needed to survive.
8. My blood siblings have nothing on my real family.
9. I was taught to distrust my instincts. I’ve never believed that what people say to my face is the same as what they think or say to others.
10. I have accepted bad love and poor treatment; I’ve been bullied badly and everywhere.
11. I am a really stand-up, wonderful woman who does not deserve to be treated like less than.
12. I have done many things and made many choices for other people, rather than myself.
13. I was pitched competitively against everything and everyone but that is not my own core value.
14. I do not need to, nor do I want to be in service of others all the time.
15. It is okay to be cared for; there does not need to be repayment. The people who love me want to take care of me.
16. My head often assumes I’m disliked. I fawn a lot. But people DO like me, just as I am. I do not need to buy gifts or bring food or otherwise prove the value of my presence.
17. My brain and body found ways to survive and cope with a traumatic childhood that affect me now. I am good at healing.
18. I have begged for a good family life and learned to do the emotional labour for it.
19. I was physically and emotionally abused. I was neglected throughout my life and for all of the big moments.
20. I taught myself many things your parents are supposed to teach you; this is why I always felt behind others.
21. I have been waiting for approval I will never get.
22. I have been afraid of my own success, because it usually came back to bite me.
23. The way I was spoken to became the voices/tapes that play in my head; these words are not normal.
24. I am uncomfortable if I might be “showing off” my skills.
25. I feel like a liar, I feel like a drama queen. I feel like these things I was abused into thinking.
26. Every penny I have spent on therapy is valid.
27. I feel a sickness to my stomach when I spend money on myself. I feel like a thief.
28. I have been learning to understand my feelings quickly; I am effective and dedicated to my own therapeutic work.
29. My business and career are significantly more successful than I was lead to believe – I am more successful than I was lead to believe.
30. I have gotten where I am in SPITE of my parents, not because of them.
31. I am strong enough to survive missing crucial ingredients to my childhood and break the cycle of violence.
32. I am more and different than I thought I was. I am getting to know myself.


Ps. Your comments are so kind. Thank you for showing me yet again that most people aren't out to make me miserable.