Told my mom my family is moving to France and she cut us out of her life.
My husband is French and his dad is older. His health is getting on and my husband wants to help him in his old age. Plus we think France will be better for our family.

We have 3 children (5yo, 3yo, 1yo) and we feel that the best time to move is at the end of this school year, as if we wait any longer the kids will have a harder time integrating themselves in the school system (plus it will be easier for them to learn the language).

I told my Nmom today and she is cutting us out of her lives. I mean, I expected it, which is why I did it in a therapy session with my therapist. The session didnt last very long and my therapist said that she is exactly as narcissistic as I described her. She said she thinks France, and my in-laws, will be good for me.

Even though I expected her to essentially disown me and my kids, it still hurts. I still feel depressed about it. Or maybe Im depressed about the realization that I was right about her all along and Ill never have the mom that I want? Idk. 

She wants to come over tonight and drop off the Christmas presents for my kids and say goodbye. I kinda dont want her too. I already told her she should return the gifts but she said she bout them last January so she cant. Im torn between wanting to be petty and saying she cant come over and wanting to give my kids one last time with grandma.

My husband doesnt understand. He says "ur kids didnt do anything but love her, and she wants to cut them off?"

I dont really understand it either. Maybe thats why we're not narcissists. I just want to protect them from her now.

Update:

So she was over. She gave them gifts. She played with them. She said goodbye to them. She told us "I know you dont understand, but I cant say goodbye to them constantly". Everything was fine. Kids are happy and fighting over toys.

Shes right. I dont understand. Because weve been able to foster an amazing relationship with my in-laws in France with my kids. All with rarely ever seeing them and only talking on skype. So this is purely her own selfish decision.

My husband has planned a me night. Were going to order take out. And after the kids go to bed I get to pick the movie and eat ice cream. 

I really do love that man. He is so pissed at my mom right now.

Edit: I want to thank everyone for responding and the solidarity. Its hard sometimes feeling like Im doing the right thing when youve been manipulated and gaslit most of your life. I feel really good now that its not all just in my head.

Its time to put the youngest to bed and the older kids are being pills. So idk if Ill get to respond to everyone else who comments tonight, but ill try to read everything in the morning.

Thanks again.