It took me a month to use the electric toothbrush my boyfriends parents got me.
I do everything quietly. I walk quiet, I talk quiet, if I enter a room nobody is in I won’t even turn on the lights so I don’t alert anyone I’m in there, often times scaring people when they come in as they were unaware I was there. I close doors slowly and even turn the knob so it doesn’t make the *click* noise. I set plates and utensils down so delicately they cannot be heard. Anything that makes a noise, I would do it slow and quietly so nobody knew I was there. 
Often times I wouldn’t even go use the bathroom out of fear of making too much noise and getting yelled at. I hate making noise, because I was grown up feeling that my presence and existence was a burden. So I did everything I could to prevent myself from reminding them I did, in fact, exist. And I still do, even after moving out.

I moved out nearly a month ago with my boyfriend. I texted my boyfriend telling him that I forgot to pack my toothbrush. Of course, him being an absolute angel, he told me he would buy one but his parents got news of this and bought me one before he could. Unknowingly to me, they all use electric toothbrushes and asked if it was okay if they got me one, obviously I said I didn’t mind and I was appreciative of anything they were willing to buy me. 

That night when I went to brush my teeth, I couldn’t force myself to turn on the electric part. It gave me terrible anxiety because I knew it was going to make noise, I didn’t even know if anyone could hear it from all the way in the bathroom, but I was afraid of the “what if”. I was afraid of making my presence known. I was literally afraid of being a human and brushing my teeth. I know they wouldn’t give a damn if I was brushing my teeth and they could hear the toothbrush, but my survival instinct told me no. So I just used it like a normal toothbrush without turning it on, and I did for nearly a month.

A few days ago, I finally said f it and turned that sucker on and went to town. My mind was screaming at me and my anxiety was through the roof but it felt good afterwards. What a small thing to feel good over, most people would think lol. But it did, it felt like a step in the right direction, a step closer to healing, a step closer out of this dreadful “survival” mentality that I’ve been trained to have. But, at the same time, it made me sad. It made me sad to know that all my life I had been treated as if my life was a waste of space to the point I was afraid of using an electric toothbrush. 

It’s small things like this, that make me realize just how fucked up my life was.