I’m all alone, I’m free. A scapegoat’s Xmas..
I’m 27F, I cut off my entire family 4 years ago. Including extended family and anyone connected to them. No one can reach me, no one can find me, I am 100% on my own.

Just 4 years ago, I was traveling to my hometown to stay with my mom and brothers for Christmas. She would “forget” to pick me up at the train station then would complain about having to do so. 

She complained about my suitcases taking up space in her house. I slept in the cold, dark basement surrounded by hockey posters on a couch while my 3 brothers slept in their decorated bedrooms upstairs. 

The Christmas Eve party on my dads side. He would send someone to text me for him, to ask if I’m coming. My brothers would leave without me so I was left to find a ride last minute and left to walk in there all on my own. 

At the party, they treated me like I was a disease. My brothers didn’t even look at me or acknowledge me. My cousins would tell me rumors my dad was spreading of me, causing drama. Grandparents, other relatives covertly but intentionally triggered me through small comments and questions here and there. 

Then back home, my mom is passed out sloppily on the couch. 

I wake up Xmas morning and my brothers are already opening their stockings together. They look at me to tell me I look like shit. My mom gave me a plastic grocery bag as a stocking while my brothers had embroidered custom ones. 

My brothers had so many cool, thoughtful gifts. Without going into details, I was gifted a few things to intentional humiliate me when opening. My mom would throw a fit and cry about me not liking her gifts enough. My brothers would gang up on me and put me down for hurting my mom. 

My brothers left without me again to go to the morning xmas party at my mom’s parents. My mom was drunk and throwing a fit about how she is the loser of the family. She fought with me, trying to drive drunk. She caused a scene as soon as we got there.

No one looked at me or made eye contact with me there. They formed groups on couches to gossip meanly or talk about sports. I had no one and it was awkward.

I’d watch cousins open gift after gift from my grandparents. I didn’t get a single gift. They said it was because they didn’t know I was coming, but it has been a tradition since birth. What hurt was watching my 3 girl cousins open up matching sentimental charm bracelets. 

My brothers would go hangout with cousins and then my mom would make me drive to go pick up drugs from shady people, forcing me to watch her do them, her friends asking me if I wanted some too. 

She causes another scene at home then passes out, missing the Xmas dinner. 

I had no bedroom to like go to or even a car. I ubered to the trains station and back to NYC I went…. 

I haven’t seen or spoken to anyone since. I was the only girl. It’s weird because I wasn’t as bad kid. They really didn’t like me? I’m free now

Adding: I’m so overwhelmed with good feelings from all your responses I will get back to you but see you thank you all so much