My friend's reaction to me getting injured shocked me
Yesterday i slipped and fell down a flight of stairs. Nothing serious, just hit my back and shoulder, the fall was softened by a puffer jacket i was wearing. Well, even though the injury isn't an emergency, it still hurts pretty bad, so i decided to spend this christmas eve at home instead of visiting family. I can't sit for long periods of time, because my back starts to hurt, my shoulder hurts really bad especially when i lift my arm up, basically i would be useless both on the road and trying to act chill in a meetup where i'd have to sit for hours.

I told my mum i'd rather stay home this time because i got injured, she started going on about how she'd feel bad about me spending christmas alone and how i just have to come with her and my dad to visit family. I told her i'm in pain and i want to stay home because i don't think i'd be able to sit in the car for long enough and i don't think i'd be able to do much apart from laying down.

Well if course she got mad. Started saying how i'm just trying to avoid responsibilities, how this could be the last christmas with my granddad still around (he is getting up there in age, so to be fair, it is always a possibility), how it can't possibly be that bad and how i should work to come up with a solution to make myself able to participate. I was already feeling really bad about the fact i wouldn't be able to go, and then she said "at least call us when we're there, that's the least you could do". Ngl that hurt.

I texted my friend to vent a little bit, and the first response from her was "oh my god if you don't feel better in a few hours, i'm driving over and taking you to the hospital". I was shocked. It didn't even occur to me, i was so worried about missing the whole meet up, which was also supported by how my parents reacted, i didn't even stop to think that maybe i should go see a doctor.

I don't think it's that serious of an injury, but the fucking difference between my friend's reaction and my mum's is just insane to me. My mum didn't give a damn that i got injured, she only cared that i wouldn't be able to see family. And honestly just seeing that my friend actually cares about me... It's so unusual to me, i don't even know how to react really. But i'm so damn happy to know i have a friend who will be there to help if things turn bad