Do you think it's true that NMothers are jealous of their daughters (excluding GC's obviously)?
For years my mother has been in competition with me it seems. Whenever someone would compliment my looks or tell me I'm pretty, she'd hijack the compliment by saying things like, "Oh she gets it from me, haha!" Or "Because she looks like me!" Every. Single. Time. 

She basically parentified me and made me raise my brother who's 10 years younger than me. I wasn't allowed a social life. I was always home helping take care of the baby (changing diapers, feeding him, playing with him). I spent more time with him than our mother and when we started getting close and bonding she deliberately sabotaged our relationship by driving a wedge between us. I.E. she would separate us whenever we were playing together and she would tell him things like I'm not nice and don't be nice to me, because I'm mean. Just things that'll twist a 4-year-old's view on his sister. Now he's 17 and we have a terrible relationship because of it. 

She's admitted to sabotaging my relationships out of jealousy. She constantly smears my name to friends and family and gets them to insult me, and she joins in on the name-calling. To her own daughter! 

There's also some weird accounts of my childhood. I remember being 7 or 8 and playing pretend like my Prince Charming came to rescue me, so I pretended to give the imaginary prince a kiss. My mom walked in on me and started berating me to the point of tears, saying things like "How dare you wanna grow up, get married, and leave Mommy?!" 

She was also really weird about me growing up. I developed at age 9 and she refused to buy me training bras, and I was a fully formed B cup by time I was in 4th grade. She also refused to let me shave my armpits when I had bushfuls of hair under my arms (also in 4th grade), and she refused to let me wear deodorant even though I'm a big sweater and constantly had B.O. I was teased relentlessly for all of the above and she couldn't have cared less. My first experience shaving was at a party surrounded by aunts and cousins. One of my aunts saw my hairy armpits and lectured me for not shaving and I called my mom out, saying she wouldn't let me. For a moment it was nice to have all my aunts call her out, but my mom in classic narc fashion played it off all cutesy..."Oh, tee-hee. I thought she was too young!" So all my aunts and cousins gathered around in the master bathroom and taught me how to shave. My boyfriend seems to think my mom got a perverse joy out of me being teased and that's why she refused me very basic hygiene.  

Now as a parent she's constantly undermining my parenting choices in front of my daughter and trying to win her over and turn her against me like she did with my brother. 

Anyone else have similar experiences with their mothers?

TL;DR: My mother has been in competition with me my entire life. She hijacks compliments directed towards me, she intentionally turned my own brother against me because she didn't like how close we were becoming, she smears my name and encourages people to call me names (and joins in), she undermines my parenting and paints me as the Bad Guy to my daughter, and she refused me basic hygienic things like wearing a training bra when I DESPERATELY needed one, refused to let me shave when I had bushfuls of armpit hair, and refused to let me wear deodorant and I was teased relentlessly in school for all these things.

EDIT: Wow this post blew up fast! I appreciate you all chiming in and providing your two cents and personal anecdotes. It's truly a shame how common this behavior is. And to the few of you that said I'm allowing the abuse to continue by allowing her to manipulate my daughter, we're literally planning a move across the country in 2 weeks (from the West Coast to the East Coast). I am sucking it up for the holidays because we have extended family driving down for Christmas and I want my daughter to enjoy a big Christmas with her cousins before we hit the road. So my contact with my mother will be very limited.