I dint even know where to post this buy I'm blown away
My entire 34 years on this earth I've spent avoiding tree nuts because I'm "anaphylactically allergic". Yesterday I ate a cookie someone made at work- I normally ask ingredients but this was a sugar cookie so I just went for it, I've never heard of sugar cookies having nuts. 30 minutes after I ate it I found out it was made with almond flour. 

Anaphylactic reactions start up about 5 minutes after consumption in my experience, sometimes immediately. And I'm sitting there 30 minutes after eating a whole almond cookie and I'm fine. Not even a rash.  So I texted my mom "Hey, when I was tested for tree nut allergies, did they test me for each nut individually or tree nuts as an umbrella?" and then explained what happened. 

She texted back "you've never been tested for them at all". Apparently I was scratch tested for peanuts (which I'm actually anaphylactically allergic to), the test reaction scared my parents, and NONE of the other tests were run. They told me I was allergic to all nuts because I'm allergic to peanuts, which isn't even a nut.  It's a legume. 

Suddenly so much of what I considered inconsistencies of my allergies made sense. My parents picking the chestnuts out of meals then giving me the food, still soaked in chestnut oils, and me being fine. Eating Honey Nut Cheerios "but only a little bit", when there was nothing else to eat.  Asking repeatedly if an Indian meal had nuts, the cooks saying no, and hiving out anyway (from tamarind, a LEGUME related to peanut).

This might not sound like that big a deal but nuts are a global staple. They're in so much, especially so many desserts. It's caused me a lot of mental energy and a lot of anxiety, especially whole traveling, that I might slip up and incur an expensive hospital bill. I've brought my own lame packed lunch or gone hungry while everyone else was eating delicious food at so many functions I couldn't be 100% sure of. I'm the person that makes work travel hard and needs constant acvomodation. And it turns out I might mot have needed ANY of that?

I'm getting tested for 209 common food allergens next month. It's time to see what I'm ACTUALLY allergic to.