Update: My (f25) husband (m48) says he's happy with our baby, but when I got pregnant he hated her and I feel like now he's not being honest
[first post](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/r4zh7s/my_f25_husband_m48_says_hes_happy_with_our_baby/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)


Edit to say: He is a very involved dad and does everything a good dad would do, you know, wake up in the middle of the night to feed her when she wakes up crying. When he comes home from work he spends hours playing with her and trying to teach her new things, and he loves doing that because he really loves our daughter, honestly I don't know why some are commenting saying that he is not a good dad or that he is not involved when that is not the truth. And I'm not going to say anything about the age gap because I'm used to hearing comments from people who think I'm a gold digger because he has money. I've heard too many times things like "she got pregnant on purpose of a man who could be her dad just to dry up his bank account" that I honestly don't care what anyone else thinks anymore. 


Edit 2: Also I talked to my doctor and she has told me that everything is fine and that we can try to have another baby, talking to her was the first thing I did after deciding to have another child. 


I (f25) read the comments on my first post and decided to talk to my husband (m48) and I was surprised to hear what he said. I told him I heard what his friends told him and asked him if he feels that I trapped him, that I wanted him to be totally honest with me and he said that at first he did think that, but then he changed his mind, Then I asked him why he kept quiet when his friends told him that it was impossible that he now likes being a dad and he said that he didn't want to fight with them, and that he doesn't have to try to convince them when he knows how he really feels about our daughter.

He said that it is true that he never wanted kids, but that when he saw that my pregnancy was more noticeable he felt different (in a good way) and that that feeling was even stronger when she was born, and that if he hadn't changed his mind he would never have stayed, he said that if he didn't love our daughter he would have divorced me and only gave me child support. I asked him if he hated me (I assumed that when he said that he would have divorced me) and he said that he could never hate me, that if he had divorced me it would not be because he hated me, he said that he loves us and that we are the best thing that happened to him. And then he said that he could never be mad at me because I gave him the best gift he ever received and that he will always be grateful for that. 

And what surprised me was that then he joked that now that he knows how incredible it feels to be a dad, we should try for baby number two. I asked him if he was serious and he said yes, and was like "I'm 48 and I'm not getting any younger we should try soon", I told him that I'd love to have at least one more baby and he was like let's start trying now so we decided to start trying for baby number two.

I know that I overreacted and that maybe I was too dramatic thinking that he wasn't being honest. I feel ashamed because I didn't trust him even knowing that he is an amazing dad, and that it is obvious that he loves our daughter. But the good thing is that he didn't get mad or felt that I was attacking him from what I heard.

So that's it, thanks for the nice comments and messages by the way :)