My (28f) very pregnant best friend (28f) just lost the father/her boyfriend (28m) in a tragic accident.
CW: Death of SO, depression


My best friend Andrea has always had a rough time with guys. She always stayed when she shouldn’t have and none of them treated her well. A year or two ago she met Jesse. He’s a sweet guy, great humor, and treats her like the sun rises and sets on her. It’s the first healthy and loving relationship she’s ever actually had. As her long time close friend this breathed a whole new kind of life into me. 

She found out she was pregnant shortly after they rented their first house together. He was overjoyed and they planned to continue with the pregnancy. They live a couple hours north of her home town where I, and most everyone she knows, live. They also decided that when their lease was up they’d move back to our hometown and start rooting their family there a month or so before the baby is due. (The short lease they signed is near his home town where he works and has been supporting her fully so she didn’t have to start a new job during her pregnancy). 

They did all the fun little stuff involved with bringing a baby into the world (naming, appointments, nursery planning, baby books..) and this Saturday is her baby shower. Little man is due on Christmas. She is down here with her parents for the few days before the shower. Jess planned to drive down Friday night after he finished work and join her for the shower. 

So, today, at 6 I got a text from her in our small group chat (me, andi and our two guy friends who have all been close since elementary school) that she got a call from Jesse’s parents. There had been a terrible car accident and Jess is dead. 

She plans to continue with the baby shower on Saturday. 

Andi has been like family most of my life. She’s normally closed off to most people but I am typically the one she cries on. I’m also the only friend of ours who has kids. I am so broken for her, I only met Jesse a few times but he was just such a beautiful person. I cannot fathom what she’s going through and I just need advice on what I should or shouldn’t do for her. 

What can I even say? What can I do to help? 
I feel desperately helpless right now. How could I ever imply things will be okay? I’m sorry I’m just so lost and… just hurting so deeply for my friend. Anything helpful would just be so welcome. 



TLDR; best friend finally happy after rough life. Man loves her, is perfect, starts family. Baby due end of December- TODAY gets a call that baby’s dad suddenly died in tragic car accident many hours away from where best friend is. She plans on still hosting the baby shower in a day and a half- she is trying to be brave. How do you comfort a grieving first time mother? How do I help my amazing best friend through all this hurt? Help. Please, please help.