She wants to stay friends with ex hookups and guys she met on tinder…
Update(Final)
Guess who wants to be friends LMAO, blocked her on everything. Maybe in good time when I heal a little bit, I’m also starting therapy in a few weeks. took some time and realized I have some demons I need to start accepting (anxiety, crippling)
Thanks everyone for your kind words and help, I owe you guys everything, I don’t have many friends and I appreciate everyone who has reached out to me. You guys are truly the greatest.
Take care guys ❤️




Editx2: I ended things, I feel pretty low. Felt like I was giving her an ultimatum that I knew the answer to already.
Thank you everyone for your support. I truly appreciate it. I couldn’t have done it without you guys. Thanks again.

My girlfriend 26(F) and I 24(M) have been having a ton of issues as of recently and we have only been together a 6 months, I’m afraid to say it’s probably easier to just end it. I don’t have anyone to talk to and I really need some insight on what I should do and maybe some alternative possibilities(long shot I know)…..here is some back story.

From the start, extremely sketchy with her phone, silences notifications, even turns them off so they don’t even pop up on the screen, whenever id grab her phone, to look at a menu or get a phone number or even answer it when a friend calls, she’s right there hovering over me ready to try to grab it from me, like satan himself possessed her body to get it back. Changed passcode, as if I even knew the first one, went from 4 digits to 6. Always puts it face down, will go on the phone and face the screen towards her and away from me.
Then, she started chatting with some dude I oversaw on the phone. I couldn’t tell you the context of it, but she mentions him here and there and how they have mutual friends that overlap. I didn’t want to seem crazy and insecure because who wouldn’t feel like that after reading the above^
Come to find out asking the same question 3 times. This guy turns out to be a dude she met on tinder a year ago, that she just wants to keep in touch with…?
Am I crazy or is that wrong?
I’m old school and I’m a firm believer that if they don’t hold value to me in my life especially being in a relationship, they get cut out the second it becomes exclusive.
My standard is to delete people out of my life if they don’t plan on benefitting it or being a part of it. 
Why would I keep a girl from tinder around, because we have mutual friends? Just call your friends when you need something? Why go through him.

Now listen, I’m insecure now, I came in to this relationship content and happy and I feel as if it’s a crumbling wall now and I don’t feel safe and secure with the person I truly care about. 
I’ve tried and tried and tried to communicate properly and without arguing and she immediately becomes defensive and comes right at me, making me feel crazy and nuts for just wanting a little reassurance.

Again, do I just throw in the towell?

EDIT: (I would NEVER take her phone and go through it, I would NEVER take it from her, anytime I’ve used the phone was with permission, extremely over-supervised permission, to do only what I told her I was going to do. 
I’ve never pushed that boundary and have always respected her privacy. What I was getting at is the way she handles it. And how over protective she is of it.
I would never push it, I would never snoop, I’ve never let that thought cross my mind. What I wanted was communication, to just be open enough and to give me that reassurance.
The reassurance I wouldn’t even fucking need if there wasn’t anything sketchy in the first place.

Fuck anyone who thinks this whole thing is a “me” problem. 

The only me problem about this is the fact I need peoples approval to do something I should’ve done 8 weeks in on my own.

The problem is that I needed people to talk to because I unfortunately don’t have that outlet here where I live especially being a male, nobody seems to give a fuck about our mental health. 

If anyone, I mean ANYONE needs to talk, about anything. I may not have the best advice, I may not be able to even give you a definitive answer, but I will give you my ear. And I will never shame you for how you feel.)