boyfriend (25M) has uninvited me (24M) from christmas eve gathering because two of his exes will be there from almost a decade ago.
***UPDATE***

he text me this morning saying that the plans have fallen apart, and that he is spending the day with his mum and dad instead, and that i am welcome to meet up with him and his friend later at a local bar. he said he was sorry for hurting my feelings too. 

i replied saying that he would not be seeing me today, or tomorrow for that matter, he asked why, and i explained how hurtful and absurd i found his actions, and that i deserve to be treated better than that. 

he has changed his reasoning as to why i was uninvited. apparently, i was never uninvited at all, which i have firmly disputed. he said that i am immature and mardy, and that if i don’t spend xmas with him tomorrow, as planned, that he will never talk to me again. 

I’M A FEMALE NOT MALE - CANNOT EDIT TITLE.

this morning my boyfriend told me that his original plans with his guy friends had changed as one of them has invited a sub-group who often pair with them during social gatherings. he expressed his disappointment because apparently he does not consider this sub-group as his "people". i said that i did not have any plans with friends, as he knows, and that i would be happy to come along to cushion the blow, and that i fancy doing something social anyway. he asked if i was sure because he claimed that he didn't think they were my "people" either, but i explained that i didn't mind them, that i was happy to do something and to spend time with him above anything. he agreed, and this evening he watched me as i planned my outfit and discussed my plans for the morning to go to town to get my nails done and find the rest of my outfit, i was clearly looking forward to the occasion. just now, in short, he said that he does not want me to go as he feels "awkward" about his exes being there (exes from when he was 14-16, he is now 25) baring in mind he has spent time with this sub-group of friends a fair few times so he is familiar with them, and obviously gets on with them more than he lets on. i told him that i did not agree with his logic, and that it should not matter, and that it most certainly doesn't make me feel awkward at all that his exes from ages ago are there - so what? we all have them, and we're from a small town! he continued to say that he was not okay with it, and that therefore i was (implicitly) uninvited. i expressed clearly that this hurt my feelings and that i did not see why it's enough of an issue to uninvite his current girlfriend from plans he originally agreed to. i was upset, and he asked me if i was going to "get over it" because i was "ruining" our evening, he said that i was the one being unreasonable. eventually, i said that if he felt uncomfortable with me being upset that he was welcome to leave because i was genuinely upset and was not willing to pretend not to be, i did not directly tell him to leave, but i gave him the option and he left. i have thought about it since he left an hour ago, objectively as well as subjectively, and i know that i do not tend to cause arguments at all and that usually i do let things slide with him, but on this occasion my feelings really are hurt and i do not understand or am willing to accept his justification. i think it's mean, and to be frank, odd! why doesn't he want me there, REALLY? i'm trying not to think like that and to stay focused on what he's told me specifically, but i just don't get why it has to matter that they are there, we've been together for almost a year and are serious together! thoughts and honest opinions please? am i being unreasonable?