Found out the guy I asked out is trans
EDIT: The general advice I received was just to be cool and address my concerns, and above all to treat him like any other man. Thank you everyone, I feel calmer now, I guess I was freaking out because I haven't dated in a few years and it was very new. I will update you all on how it went tomorrow!

EDIT 2: I know there's a 48 hour rule so I decided to post an update on my profile! https://www.reddit.com/user/ThrowRA7473847/comments/r5xotc/update_found_out_the_guy_i_asked_out_is_trans/

I'm on mobile so I'm sorry if anything is weird with the formatting! TLDR at the bottom:)

I'm 23F, doing my master's. The other day I was at the school, when I saw this guy (20M) smoking by a trash can. Guys, he's so cute. He's short, shorter than me by a few inches, but I truly don't mind and he's got AMAZING hair and a really nice smile!

Anyway I decided why not shoot my shot? So I went over to him, I asked him out and he said yes and we exchanged numbers before he had to make it to his next class. I was ecstatic. We scheduled a date for tomorrow and started texting and he's just the funniest guy I ever met and he's so nice. Anyway the thing is, yesterday he messaged me while we were talking again and he told me this: "Listen, I really love that you're interested in me because I honestly think you're great, but it's really important that you know something before we go on that date. I'm trans, and in case it's not clear what I mean, I'm a man, but I haven't had any surgeries or anything yet, and even if I had, I just think it wouldn't be fair for me to keep this from you. I understand completely if you want to cancel our date, and in that case I hope we can still hang out as friends."

I have many LGBT friends, but I myself am a cis straight girl. Honestly? It's not that anything about his body makes me uncomfortable. I told him I still wanted to go because I feel a real connection here. But I'm really scared I'm gonna say something wrong? Is there anything I should or shouldn't do? What if I accidentally hurt him? I haven't dated in a while and I'm honestly scared. How can I make him feel comfortable? Like I said we're going out tomorrow and I just really don't wanna ruin this.

TLDR: Asked a guy out, he told me he's trans, I'm nervous about screwing up at our date tomorrow.