Boyfriend (M32) doesn’t want to see me (F27) after I told him I got herpes
I currently found out that I got herpes and I’m experiencing the first outbreak.

I’m exclusive the whole time since we became official. I don’t cheat on him or whatever. Too shocked to hear that I got herpes. Anyway I decided to let my boyfriend know honestly. Here’s how he reacts.

At first he seemed to sympathize. Half an hour later he changed his attitude and gave me suspicious looks. That’s fair enough since herpes is tricky but again, he’s the only person I’m sleeping with. Then he told me to go home and we can talk after he has his test done. And keep in touch. Sounded cold af. Canceled all the Friday night and weekend plans.

Later that night he messaged me saying he was sorry to be tough earlier and He doesn’t want to hurt me.He doesn’t know what to do with all this now and asked more about how exactly my test results are and what I was diagnosed. I asked if I’m not gonna see him until he gets the medical information from doctor, he ignored my message.

The next day my outbreak was a bit more painful. I wondered if he had any symptoms so I texted him. He replied to me. But also very cold. Then I asked him one more time if he doesn’t want to see me, no fucking answer.

I got herpes. That’s fucking terrible enough. While I don’t know what and how to deal with living with it, my boyfriend is giving me the distance. Like I did something terrible. I feel unwanted. I know it’s also hard for him if he unfortunately contracted with herpes. But like, is it necessary to act like we’re not gonna be in contact until everything is clear. I don’t feel trusted. I feel like I’m punished for, I don’t know what the fuck I did wrong. Getting herpes is wrong?

I can’t stand it. So I went to his place. I didn’t give a head up. And I stood there for half an hour. *HE DIDNT OPEN THE DAMN DOOR.* He knew I was outside. Though I said can you please open the door. I feel embarrassed. I just went to ask if he wanted to keep the silence on. I can’t understand. We’re in a relationship. This is not the first time he gave me the silent treatment.

It’s like I’m something disgusting that he doesn’t even want to look at.

Please someone give me an advice? People who have partners for a while and they suddenly informed you they have herpes, how did you deal with it?

TL;DR: boyfriend doesn’t want to see me after I told him I got herpes and ignored my messages