Bf constantly tells me to change my appearance
I’ve (22F) been with my bf (23M) for 5 years, and he has consistently been putting me down for months and when I call him out on it he immediately apologises and says he didn’t mean to but nothing changes. 

I’m not an unattractive person imo naturally and I also now do a lot of personal upkeep I didn’t use to bother with when we first met. Like getting french tip acrylics, hair highlighted, eyelash extensions, eyebrows done - not in an overdone way, but my point being I do what many would consider as “taking care of my physical appearance”. 

He’s constantly telling me I don’t dress sexy enough. The thing is that is true - I don’t dress sexy. I am quite into fashion and I love wearing wide leg jeans and other modest clothing. But I feel sexy in it regardless. He asked me to wear more mini skirts and things, i have been more so lately even though it’s December. But I don’t feel go in it. I went to buy a top today and I asked his opinion but he said “you shouldn’t dress for me! Where what you want” but then I have that thing where I know he doesn’t find me attractive in it. 

He said I never wear anything sexy around the house- I spend so much money on expensive lacy sets and nice lingerie so I feel like this isn’t true. When I said this to him, he told me he doesn’t find this attractive. He likes short shorts and crop tops. There is obviously not anything wrong with him finding that attractive but I simply don’t wear that. I have never worn that, I don’t want to wear that. And most importantly I won’t feel attractive In that. 

It’s the same with everything - I’m getting ready and he can never say I look nice even if we’re going on a date. He always has constructive criticism on me - my hair should be up or down. I should wear a different skirt. Or my hair is brassy and I need to tone it or get it re-dyed. I should shave, I should buy some more flattering jeans. I should get a pedicure. Why don’t I do my makeup differently? He wishes I would go out and drink with him, or do this or do that. Nothing is enough. 

I don’t understand why he is with me, when he so clearly doesn’t like me for me? It’s like he makes out I’m insecure so offers suggestions but I’m not and it’s clearly just what he thinks is wrong with me. 

Maybe I am overthinking this! What would you do? 

TL/TR: BF offering constructive criticism or wants to be with someone else?