Update-My wife (34f) went to a strangers house after drinking and now I have two completely different accounts of what happened during the night
**Update #2- I am home right now. I am enjoying the cooking of my mother and have also reconnected with a few old friends who have come home for the holidays. We did some boating in one of the lakes that we have here, it was amazing. Being in the company of people whom you trust to not hurt you really helps you a lot. As for my wife, I am still not talking to her, except to tell her that I have reached home safely and will contact her when I want. My mom has talked to her once or twice, but they dont know anything. I have told them that we are just having some troubles. My parents have been married for 28 years, so they know better than to interfere in my marriage. Anyways thats all I have to share right now. I have not yet decided whether I will stay married or not? Right now, its just to enjoy the festival of Christmas with my folks, and then I will decide based on how I am feeling then. Thank you for all your support!**

**Update- I just wanted to make a little update before I get on my flight. After I made my post I realized I am just too stressed to stay near my wife, her mere presence was increasing my stress level. So I have decided to go home and spend the new years eve with my parents (aka people who wont stab me in the back). My wife was distraught and crying hysterically but honestly my only worry was to reach the airport at time. She has been asking me to go to couples therapy, says she will give up drinking, and she will stop going out with her single friends etc etc. But I told her I dont care, you are welcome to have an orgy while I am gone, for all I care. I just want some peace and quiet and I am going to my safe space now. My home used to be my safest space and my wife was my rock but now that reality has been shattered. Anyways she also decided to go to her parents house, so she dropped me at the airport and was still begging to take her with me. But I need some time alone or my brain will overheat. And I dont know under what circumstance will I see her again, divorce or reconciliation? I have no idea. So thank you to everyone who commented and maybe I will make an update when I make a decision. Right now I just need your best wishes, thank you.**

Original text below:

So my wife and her friend went out drinking on Friday night and she didnt come home till 4 in the morning, which had me worried sick. When she finally came home, she was very drunk and was almost being dragged by her friend. The friend had a guilty look on her face and asked me to be patient while listening to her account. I was of course alarmed, what account? The friend left saying its better if my wife told me. My wife was obviously out at this point. So I also went to sleep. At around 11 am I am woken up by my wife crying and saying she has committed a horrible mistake and she is very sorry. She was hysterical at this point and I had to calm her down, and finally after calming down she told me that she had gotten so drunk last night that she hooked up with a stranger. I was shocked as you may imagine, so I pressed for details and she said that they had met two guys while drinking and they were buying them rounds. At first she says that she turned the drinks down but when her friend expressed an interest in one of them, they went to talk and accepted drinks from them.

My wife was given the responsibility of keeping the friend of the guy busy while her friend talked to the guy. Eventually after some time and a lot of drinks later they went to the guys home and this is where she had sex with him. My wife says that she went there just to make sure her friend is safe and she had no ulterior motive. She did admit to some harmless flirting with the guy but said it didnt mean anything (sure). She was adamant that she didnt want to have sex with the guy. Then I said maybe you were forced, lets try to find out who the guy was first. I asked for more details but she again said she didnt remember. So I went to pub in the evening and asked around and luckily the guy my wife's friend hooked up with was there that night too. I talked to him and he painted a completely different picture of the night. He said he and his friend were very clear with both my wife and her friend from the start that they were looking to hook up and my wife or her friend never raised any objection. He also said my wife absolutely knew what was going to happen once they went back to the house.

I didnt get to meet the other mfking guy who hooked up with my wife but I did talk to him on the phone and he also said the same thing, both women knew exactly what the deal was and they still went to his house. I did get heated with him but he insisted he didnt force anyone, he was as drunk as she and it was completely mutual right from the moment they started talking in the bar. He said I could check the security footage to see how my wife and her friend were acting on that night. I tried but they wouldnt show me the footage without a police report.

I dont know what to think here, my wife insists its not the case but did admit to flirting with him, those guys insist it was mutual. My wife doesnt want to file any case against them, and I am at a loss. Only one thing is clear to me, my wife put her friends sexual life ahead of our married life otherwise why go to a strangers house after midnight? That is clear to me even if everything else is a mystery.

Any advice on how to move forward