Partner of 11 years cheated on me
I’d just like to start off by saying posting something like this is extremely difficult for me and I thank everyone on here that has the courage to posts their stories.I don’t like to put my business out there but I don’t have any friends or family I can talk to about this and I’m desperate for help. I’m not sure where to start but anyways. We’ve been together for about 10 years. I am 25 and she’s 26 but we’ve for the most part lived together for since we were about 16/17. We moved out of our parents homes almost immediately when we were 19/20. We bought our first house 2 years later(where we are now). We have no children but we have 6 cats( and yes we are crazy and they are our children). Her family has become my family and I love them. Her parents were recently evicted from there home by her mothers father. That’s an entire other story I can’t get into but he’s an evil man who non directly killed his wife(he didn’t take care of her) and cut off the rest of the family and made a new one. So they had no options nowhere to go so we took them in and they’ve been living with us for almost a month now. It’s been very hard on both of us. Obviously we love them and wouldn’t let them live out on the streets but it’s still not ideal we only have one bathroom and we don’t have doors inside so there’s not much privacy. They have been looking at houses but we got an idea of how about WE get a new house and you guys can buy our house. It’s a win win because they wanted to stay in this area and we wanted to get a bigger house anyway we just didn’t think we’d be able to this soon but we’ve been approved for a loan .Right around when they moved in my girlfriend started going out with her friend a lot at night for several hours. Which I totally fine idc if she goes out with her friend that’s a totally normal thing but It really didn’t sit right with me that I would never be invited. Her friend is also somewhat of afriend we’ve known eachother since we were children and we’ve hung out plenty of times together in the past. She would claim to be just out at the bar with her friend and her boyfriend which I thought was weirder because why wouldn’t I come too? Why would you want to be the third wheel every night? But I just let it go and thought if that’s what she wants to do okay. Last week she was downstairs talking to her parents while I was setting up dinner and I couldn’t help but notice her phone unlocked sitting on the table. For some reason something in my head told me to look though it. I understand that’s an invasion of privacy but it’s something she would have no problem doing to me. She knows all my passwords and can look at anything I have at any time I have nothing to hide so I don’t really care. But all did was open her message and she was literally just texting someone about how they just had sex and that she enjoyed it even though he didn’t get her off and she’s goes on to say we just need to spend time together and you’ll learn how to get me off. She was sending him pictures of our cats, her tattoos and OUR sex toys etc. How can she want to move into a new home together but also be talking to this man and cheating on me? She wouldn’t be able to get a new home without me and I feel like I have the entire family’s future on my shoulders. I’m scared to say something because it’s going be the end of everything most likely and despite all of this I think I could forgive her but she’d have to tel me the truth and tell me why . All I want is for both of us to be happy. I could keep going on but I feel I may be rambling I think that’s enough of the story . Can anyone please offer Any insight or advice. Thank you.