BF (40) keeps reminding me that I’m “too young” (32F)
I can’t begin to expressed my exasperation and annoyance anymore. 

We have problems…He refuses to acknowledge any issues we have, he sweeps things under the rug. But he constantly calls me a drama queen whenever I try to hash out things that have been effecting our relationship.  

Says I’m “too young”, “immature”, “don’t have enough life experience so I wouldn’t understand how relationships work”. 

He’s been saying that since the beginning of our relationship, even down the way I dress. From “you look to young in that” or “this outfit makes you look mature”. Or if I’m exhausted from work he’ll say “you look older today, that’s hot”.

He’s said to me before he likes older women who have a “youthful” personality. And younger women in their 20s who “aspire to be mature”. 

And me? He says “you’re somewhere in the middle”. I’m so fucking annoyed. I have a math degree, working on a dual MBA/MFA at one of the highest sought schools there is in this country. Moved to a different city by myself at 18,I lived on my own since then before we moved in together to his city (NYC) two years ago. I’ve had a career for nearly 10 years, make six figures, can support myself, paid for my own education…great credit…decent savings…have had several relationships…and I get called immature?  

I walked away from dinner tonight when he says this and he is making me feel like this is my fault and I quote “adds to your immaturity because you don’t know how to communicate”. I’m going to blow my top and rip my hair out. 

Someone please give me some advice! 

TL;DR: BF who is 8yrs older keeps calling me immature. I’m on my wits end.


UPDATE: I’m so overwhelmed with the supportive and honest responses here and I did not expect my rant to get this much attention.  To answer some questions: 

1) Why are you with him? I do love him and when he isn’t being an asshole we get along really well. Now that I think of it, I feel we are more friends than anything else. Which is something to consider…
2) What’s his story? He comes from a very well educated family (PhDs), he is well educated himself and is very intelligent…I sense that he thinks he may be too good for me or I’m not as smart as him because I don’t hold a PhD? Hard to tell. 
3) Why are you with someone who’s so mean? Great question. And I had some time to think last night and this morning as I was reading through responses…it’s likely my self-esteem is low. Red flags came up early in our relationship that I completely ignored. But, I wanted to give us a chance…and well, here we are. 

We had a talk this morning about everything I wrote here and he said that I took things out of context and that he does think I’m mature. Not sure if I really believe that as he seemed annoyed by me bringing it to his attention. 

I’ve been thinking about ending our relationship for a while now, I’m just afraid of starting over….however, I do fantasize about being in a loving, passionate relationship with a man who treats me as my equal…that alone should be the catalyst to end my current relationship. I’m scared and I’ll say, it’ll take time. 

Thank you all - keep them coming, your candidness is incredibly helpful to me.