[UPDATE] I was able to escape my toxic friendship!
My first post did not gather a lot of feedback, but I’m so thankful for those who took some time to write me a reply. It really helped me to see things from the outside perspective and helped me move towards a solution.

So previously I (25f) wrote how I’m stuck in a toxic friendship with my best friend (26f) of 7 years. She has lots of unresolved mental health issues and has been using me as her free therapist for years now.

Your replies helped me understand that I indeed felt like a hostage, and a lot of emotional manipulation was put upon me in order to make me stay. I told my sister how I felt and she also told me that I sound as if I’m stuck in an emotionally abusive relationship and I need to get out.

I wrote my friend a lengthy text. I told her that I do not have the emotional capacity to be her therapist anymore, and that this friendship is causing me awful distress and that I can’t be friends anymore. I wished her all the best in her recovery, telling her that if she gets help, maybe we’ll be able to be friends again in the future. Before sending it I felt as if I’ll pass out or vomit or both. Truly did not expect my body to react this strongly. But I managed to send the message. 

She reacted quite strongly, telling me that she does not understand what she did wrong and why I called our friendship toxic. She also told me that the timing of my message was ironic considering that the exact same day she bought me chocolates and wanted to “truly apologise”. Which means all of her previous apologies were full of s*it. She also asked if we could meet to discuss this.

I told her I’m done and that I can’t meet her. Saying no to her made me feel SO empowered, it felt like I actually got some autonomy back after years of listening to her needs only.

Of course, I still feel a bit sad, as I really did not expect our friendship to end this way. Yet I know I did the right thing.

May this message be a proof to myself that I can stand my ground and do what’s best for me even if it’s tough.

Thank you everyone!