Bfs dad mad I wouldn’t do his dishes
A little backstory: My bfs dad had an extremely mild stroke 6 years ago. He has absolutely no side effects, drove him self to the hospital, and he was released the next
morning. 

He decided that it was his sign that he should retire, so he did. 

So a little over a year ago he started to realize he wasn’t make as much money (obviously) so he asked if my boyfriend and I wanted to move in with him to help him and us save money. 

My bf and his dad each split the rent and I pay all the utilities and other bills and I also buy all household items(toilet paper, dish soap etc .) We buy our own food. It is pretty equal in terms of what everyone pays. 

I usually do the cleaning around the house basically because nobody else was and I can’t stand messes so I just keep it up.

So this week my bf went out of town with some of his friends because he (friend) has just had a shit year and we wanted to get him out of town and just clear his head.

I was going to go see my mom who’s been having some health issues so I didn’t go along. The day I got up to go, I woke up with an AWFUL case of strep. I can barely swallow and it hurts when I do , eating nothing but tomato soup, neck stuff and sore, can’t sleep for anything, and I got a cold on top of it so I’m sneezing and coughing and that hurts my throat even worse. Terrible headaches and no energy. Basically I’m miserable.

Note: I did go to the dr to make sure it was just strep; it is.

I’ve been eating nothing but those microwaveable tomato soup bowls I’m literally only leaving my room to eat those up. I’m make absolutely zero mess.

My bf call me this morning and says “my dad wants to know if you can clean the dishes and pick up the kitchen.” I tell him like you know I’m super sick can you please ask I’m if he can do them, they are all his anyway. He says yeah he basically didn’t know I was that sick (I did try to down play at first because I didn’t want him worrying about me) so lay down to sleep I wake up 45 minutes later and his dad texted me saying “I need my stove cleaned any the dishes done.” I text my bf and ask if he told him I was sick he says yeah and I tell him about the text and he goes ok I’ll call him.

I hear his dad yelling saying how if I’m going to stay here I need to “pull my weight” and how he’s actually the one“too sickly” to do the dishes. That he “pays the cost to be the boss” here and if I want to stay here I have to follow his rules and he’s sick of seeing the dishes piled up. 

My boyfriend calls me back later and told me to just ignore him, that he’ll deal with him when we get home and if his attitude doesn’t change we’ll move.

I feel like we split the cost very fairly that he can’t really say he pays the cost. And since when did me doing his dishes reflect me pulling my weight? Like I feel like I shouldn’t be required to be someone’s maid even if I wasn’t sick. 

I’m glad my boyfriend is sticking up for me, but I don’t want to be the reason they fight.