My [27M] ex girlfriend [24F] is mad and making me feel guilty because she broke up with me and Im not reacting how she wants or expects me to.
For more context, I bought a house and we live here together. We had one of our classic blow out fights over dumb shit. And In the past few months I’ve honestly been getting so sick of them and just drained from it. She never realizes her faults and blames everything wrong in the relationship on me. Of course I can take responsibility and recognize my short comings, but she absolutely will not ever admit when she is in the wrong or is being completely ridiculous. 

Anyways, after our blow out she was like I’m moving out. I’m like ok, whatever. Cuz she has done this like 3x before. But this time she gets right to work and starts calling places to find an apartment and starts packing. So I’m like ok whatever, she clearly doesn’t care enough to work it out and is not going to change her mind. 

A few days later and she has most of her shit packed and is half moved out. She no longer stays here, idk where she is living. But she texts me and says all this shit blaming me and saying she knew I never cared about her or loved her because I have been literally numb to the entire thing and shown no sadness or regret. Which I have none, which is weird. Even after she told me how heart broke and sad she is, I feel like bad for her kind of, but I also don’t care. 

I’m confused by this emotional response from myself and it feels like she’s trying to make me feel guilty and a bad person for not trying to convince her to move out even tho she never said anything to me about it until tonight. 

I’m not sure if this is normal, if her reaction is justified, or if something is wrong with me for legit not caring and already feeling like I’ve moved on from a 2yr relationship in like 3 days

Update:

I worked all day so let her move her shit out with her friend. Came home to a massive picture frame with photos of us broken on my carpet with glass and wood splinters everywhere. 

I just texted her and said “you’re such a fuckin loser” and then blocked until the end of time. Glad she’s finally out of my house.