My experience in trying to flex "social muscles" and build social skills
I have always been called silent, introvert by everyone - my family, friends, teachers. While this was fine when I was back home when I recently moved to a new country on other side of the planet (India to US) I felt like I had been dumped into a hole. I couldn't make friends in grad school and even those friends felt like too surface level. This was mostly because I couldn't talk and drew blank most of the time. Even when someone said 'Hi, How are you?' I would just say good and move on. I didn't know what to say and this dtove me mad. 

Finally, I started to make some "friends" and I eventually began to realize something - No one is perfect in their communication. They repeat jokes/stories, say stupid things all the time and the kicker is - even though I noticed this 5 minute's later I couldn't care less about their mistakes. 

I also realized that the reason I drew blank during communication was because I had developed the habit of suppressing thoughts and talking to myself - even when I talked to my parents there were so many thoughts that would occur which I suppressed and it had become a habit. So I started to speak whatever comes to mind more often with those I trust - my parents and my sister. Eventually I started to do this with my new friends. I'm still nowhere close to where I want to be - I instinctively say 'No because... ' whenever someone offers/invites me anywhere. However, I have improved so much in a couple of months that I am actually proud of myself. Today a girl I have a mini crush on said 'Hi, How are you? ' and I actually had a samll conversation. Of course, it wasn't impressive and I wasn't Prince charming but few months back I would've just said Hi without being able to say anything. The best part was that it was instinctive - I hadn't planned the conversation but she just appeared out of nowhere and I had a conversation. Honestly, I am starting to think that it's like riding a bicycle - if you think and analyse how to ride you'll probably fall, but if you let your instincts take over with you in control you'll be ride it like you are walking. 

If anyone is struggling with going blank and being like a deer in headlights - start speaking your mind more often. Start saying whatever comes to your mind - first in safe environment and then it starts to become your second nature. As long as you don't say socially inappropriate things no is going to care how much mistakes you make. No one will judge your character based on mistake. If you really meet someone who judges you for those things, then those people are anyhow not worth your time.

Please remember that this is my experience from past few months. It may not be 100% right but imo, it's good try and see how it goes.

Good luck :)