Stop making every conversation about yourself. Be genuinely interested in other people. It will go a long way
I actually saw something recently (sorry I don’t remember where exactly, I think it was just aFacebook post doing the rounds) that says something pretty close to the opposite of this.

It’s fair to say, it’s quite a put off if you reference yourself a lot in your speech. But it would also seem the person on the other side of that conversation has to take some ownership of the problem here. You see, If you talk about yourself way too much can come across as obnoxious, but there’s some context that needs to be taken here. Sharing your thoughts, experiences or opinions about things often, is a great way to iterate your points. For many, this is an attempt to display sincere empathy and enthusiasm for what someone else is talking about. It does require effective punctuating though and not to be used in every sentence, of course. Generalizing this concept risks turning big and exciting characters into censored, repressed individuals. Sharing experiences is totally fine, and using it to try to understand someone else’s point of view, or engage in conversation is actually a great way of communicating. Just don’t be boastful, or change the conversation topic to your stories.Encourage the continuance of the conversation instead and request feedback about what you just said to deflect attention back. For example, if you were accurate in thinking the feelings you spoke about were like theirs by saying things like ‘is that what you meant by that?’ or ‘was your experience similar to mine?’ That way you don’t come across as obnoxious anymore, rather you come across as interesting but also engaged with the conversation.

Also, if you’re on the other side of this type of conversation habit, try to read more into the nuances of what they’re saying. You might be surprised by what you find. Maybe they’re trying to impress you, or they want you to like them. Maybe you’ve hit a nerve, or triggered a powerful memory. Try not to assume people using this conversation habit are self centered, most people aren’t in my experience.

Funnily enough I’m going to do it myself now, I’m trying to improve my conversation skills with people on [mobiline.com](https://www.mobiline.com/)  it is the first caller ID that you can use to know who’s calling and hear what every call is about before you answer. It’s a great app  and it's really helping me improve my phone conversations by actually being interested in what they are talking about and their point of view . I used to talk about myself in the wrong type of way all the time, I was frequently called arrogant and it did warrant a desire in me to change my conversation habit. But I never felt like I was being self centered, I’d always thought I was trying to contribute value in the conversation. But it turned out I hadn’t done it in the right way. And it still is a bad habit of mine at times. I guess the truth of it is, I’m simply not the best conversationalist.