GUIDE: How to be friends, starting from zero (and I mean a real zero).
*This guide probably does not apply to you unless you are a real zero. Most people already have more profitable social mechanisms that they can exploit to get new friends, like for example a big family which they can rely on to be invited to social events and so forth.*

This guide is for people like me. I moved cities multiple times and lost all contact with past friends. I have no family, and no acquaintances in the new cities I move to. There aren't even people who speak my native language there. I am a foreigner. I am also not some super attractive hot dude who can just go on Tinder and get a date and meet people that way. I also have no particularly attractive characteristics. I mean, I am good at my nerdy job and that's about it. I do not play the guitar or have some amazing hobby/sport that I am super good at, and can get me some easy recognition that I can exploit to make new friends. And to make things even worse, my everyday life is not socially fruitful either. I meet the same bunch of people most of which are too old or already too occupied with their lives. This is a real zero. 

How does one get friends in this kind of situation. Well it took me ten years but I finally made a bit of progress and I want to share what I learned in the form of a list of tips:

1. Stop waiting for friends and start doing things on your own. There are things you would like to do, ideally with friends, but currently you have none. Even if these are social activities, do them on your own. You cannot keep waiting till you have friends. It is also important to lead an interesting life. This makes you an interesting person, and that is just about the only way that people will be attracted to you as a person.
2. Be always presentable and polite and open to make new acquaintances. And always do the first move. In a way not very different from dating when it comes to the initial breaking of the ice.
3. Do not expect your new acquaintances to drive the relationship deeper into a friendship. Do it yourself instead. Invite them to accompany you on your interesting adventures that you are always going to because you lead an interesting life.
4. Forgive people's worst personality traits. Do not be too picky at the start. None of us are perfect. As long as a relationship is not all give and no take, do not expect the other to be perfect. At the same time, do not let yourself be used or abused.
5. Expect to be disappointed so that you won't be. Most of the time you will put all the effort and you will end up with an acquaintance or a friend who has no time for you. So not exactly what you were looking for. Do not be discouraged and do not cut all contact with them. Leave your relationship at the level that the other is comfortable at, and just enjoy what you can get out of this new member of your social circle. Not everyone has to be your close best friend. At the same time, even just acquaintances can be very socially fruitful.

That is about it. For me, point 1. about leading an interesting life on your own was the hardest to grasp. I thought surely, that would just make me look ridiculous, but it did the opposite and was the last piece of the puzzle. The other hard lesson was 5. I always used to go cold on people who seemingly had no time for me, when instead I should have just accepted their friendship as it was and enjoyed it that way. The other points are also important. 

***If you want to add to this GUIDE, feel free. I am still learning and will treasure your input.***