28F Want to end it all.
I don’t know if this is the right place to post this, but here goes. 


I’m a 27 yr old will be 28 in about 1 month. I feel like ending it all and I want to. 

I have absolutely NO FRIENDS.

NO FAMILY that calls to check on me or to socialize with. 

And no boyfriend. 

I am not a rude person at all. It’s just my social skills aren’t the best due to my mom keeping me isolated when I was younger and not allowing me to have contact with other kids. My mom never interacted with me. So you can see what type of damage was done and the problem that caused.

All 3 are things that are needed. 

I’ve tried therapy, I’ve tried meetup groups &amp; etc., and I’ve tried putting myself out there none of that works. Just failed attempts. It’s ok to fail, but when there is no change or improvement there’s a problem. 

Having family and friends or even connections can put you on to new ppl and places... and one thing can lead to another. And also how you will find a significant other by going out new places. Yes you can do that on your own, but it increases the chances. You can’t find anyone being locked in all the time (which I go out)and you can’t find anyone with no social skills and I’m not blessed in the looks dept. 

Ppl will say there is more to life or you are more than that. That is nice and all, but I want to be realistic. No one was created to live alone and have absolutely no interaction with anyone. Eventually one day we will get old and need someone... not just a spouse... but family to be around. 

We’ve all seen an elderly person that died, had no friends or family, died alone and had no one, and no one knew of it until weeks later. Not making fun of them just using that as an example. However, I don’t want to be that. Not only that but if you ever need help (car broke down, life-changing event, etc) or even if you’re going out somewhere and just let someone know where you are going in case anything happens. 

Depending on the parents a person has if there is not a divine intervention or something miraculous that happens they are dealt a bad hand at life. And that my friend is me.  

Though my parents don’t interact with me... I still call or go around, because those are the only ppl I have to talk to even though I get treated bad and they are emotionally absent. I so desperately need someone to talk to and friends. 

I don’t try to get pity or attention from someone for this, but I’m actually trying and trying to reach out for help myself and trying to do something about it. So I am trying to take initiative, but I need help. We all need help. So that should count for something, but to some it doesn’t and they have ridiculed me. 

I would want my parents to bury me (see me go first) than for me to bury them (watching them die naturally of old age). Though that might be heart-wrenching for them at least they have family and friends and will still have it once I’m gone. However for me once they are gone that’s it. There is nothing worse than having absolutely no one. Even drug addicts and homeless ppl have friends or someone to lean on. 

I’m 27 now and will be 28 soon. I feel this is a good view of how my life will be. And if I made it this far in life and no change what will change. I’m close to 30. It’s just easier ending my life.