Was excited about telling my T about some good news and ended up leaving the session feeling very angry and dissapointed.
After a long time considering the idea I have finally decided to adopt a dog this Christmas. Its been official for a couple of weeks but I hadn’t told my T yet - partly because we’ve been discussing some other important stuff and partly because I wanted to feel like I could reflect on this on my own without her input. I’m very excited about this and I think this is a big step for me in terms of how I deal with relationships and all of my issues with attachment…

So today, rather nervously but with a huge smile on my face, I finally told T……and, well...lets say it was simply a huge disappointment.

I wanted her to be happy for me, I wanted to celebrate with her - wanted to see that she was somehow proud of me for what I experience as a brave decision and was hoping she would as well - I wanted her to show some brief chit chatty interest, even if fake - what kind of dog is it? Does he/she have a name? When are you picking him up? Something, anything….but no, I just got that good old poker face I already know so well and then it all led to a conversation about my dad …(which I’m fine with, I just wished some more time had been spent celebrating that I’m embracing risk and change in ways I hadn’t before and…. that I’m simply very bloody excited) 

Left the session feeling like shit and over-analysing everything that was discussed after the dog conversation to see what had triggered it and truth is, although I can see some stuff I also had issues with, I think it all just leads back to my disappointment at how neutral and vague she reacted to the dog news and how much I was anticipating a different reaction - I feel like this wasn’t so much an issue of looking for her validation but more just wanting to see that she was happy for me, that she cares, and that I could share something good with her just like I do with other important people in my life. ..

My T practices psychodynamic psychotherapy, she’s not a complete blank slate but she doesn’t usually show emotion in excess - she’ll stay silent or say something depending on what is being discussed - I understand and respect this approach, but the shit a tiny stupid misatunnement triggers can be very painful, specially because I never understand why she’s being withholding with some things and not with others, and generally just being so affected by her makes me feel very pathetic sometimes....We talk about transference often and I already know this is where the conversation will lead if I tell her all of the above, but I needed to get it off my chest - hopefully someone can relate or offer some food for thought....