Wondering if Reddit is making my relationship with my psychologist worse?
I think I’m finding that when I read a post on here about a client being invalidated, judged, betrayed or ghosted by their T, I then worry about this happening to me so I go into my sessions almost suspicious and looking for red flags where there maybe aren’t any. I’m finding myself so afraid and guarded in session because of this. It’s unfair to my T (and myself) and I feel terrible about it. I’ve found I’m so afraid to just let go and fully connect with and open up to him. I’m beyond worried he’ll ghost me or that he won’t be able to handle all my trauma or that he’s only acting empathetic (you know, the unconditional positive regard therapist mask) in session, but, he’s human after all with human judgements and I’m showing him the real ugly parts of me. Of course he has human feelings and judgments about me that he’s not showing me so that I feel like the therapeutic space is safe. So I wonder if once I leave his office he’s, at best, rolling his eyes and thinking I’m kinda corrupt damaged goods and he’s feeling glad he’s not my husband or even my friend; or at worst, he’s totally creeped out and disgusted by me and wracking his brain with thoughts of ways to terminate. I’ve talked to him about my worries and he assures me I am safe with him and he’s not going anywhere and in the moment I feel better, but then I’ll read another negative story on here where someone’s T promises them the very same things but then ends up breaking those promises, terminates and retraumatizes the client. I understand context is everything. We’re only getting one side of the story on reddit, and we can’t know all of the ins and outs of anyones therapeutic relationships. I know it’s pretty reckless to make any assumptions, but it still derails me every time I see a terrible T post. This sub and everyone’s advice has really carried me through some tough times, but I’m wondering if the negative therapeutic experience posts are doing me more harm than good right now. Can anyone else relate?