We're back, baby!
Ladies and gentlemen, Fred and Ginger have returned to the stage for an encore.

My T once referred to the therapeutic relationship as "a dance," which I thought was an absolutely beautiful way to describe it. 

When people would ask me about losing my T, my response was, "I lost my dance partner."

Tonight, we danced. 

It wasn't quite the rumba or the foxtrot. There were some false starts and stepping on toes. But he took me in his arms (metaphorically, of course), and guided me across the dance floor.

He told me he was proud of me. He said he was "delighted" that I've decided to embark on the journey to becoming a therapist, because it reflects well on him and our work. He commended me for my courage, the courage it took to come back and the courage it took to say, "When you told me last week you were happy to have me back as a client, I didn't believe you." He apologized for not telling me when we terminated that he'd welcome me back ("I assumed you knew that.") He said, "I always thought we got along," which I'm pretty sure is T-speak for "I like you." Did I mention that he told me he was proud of me?

I told him I was afraid he wouldn't recognize that I'm not the same person I was, and he said, "No, it's very obvious you're not the same person. I mean, you're still you, but I can see you've changed." He acknowledged that the client grieves when the therapeutic relationship ends. He pointed out that he and I approach the work of therapy differently. He prefers to work up to things, while I prefer to dive in headfirst. He thought a minute, and then said, "So maybe we need to find an approach that's somewhere in the middle." He mentioned that we have "an opportunity for a reset."

He said a very funny thing, which was, "I know you think you're an introvert, but when you want something, you go out and get it." That was clumsily worded, but I knew exactly what he meant. I never gave up on the idea that he'd be my T again, even when so many people were telling me I should move on.

I asked him to give me some homework to think about, and he responded, "Think or feel? Because you're allowed to think about it, but I want you to save the feeling part for in here so we can deal with it."

He asked me if I trust him, and I said yes.

I have my partner back.