Update #3 I feel like my therapist destroyed me
https://www.reddit.com/r/TalkTherapy/comments/pcpeus/update_i_feel_like_my_therapist_destroyed_me/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf


I made that post a few months ago and I’m so grateful to everyone who has reached out on here. You all may not have known it, but you helped me through one of the most difficult times of my life. 

I come from a background of trauma and abuse and am a people pleaser. It took me a while to “quit” therapy. A little more background, my therapist and I “bonded” over our similar family issues. I never felt like I could talk to my mom much about personal things. My therapist was like “I see you as a sister” but gradually she started acting more maternal, texting and checking on me. She started referring to herself as mama, and on the days leading up to therapy when she would send me a reminder she would say “tomorrow is mama day! You get to see mama tomorrow!” etc. I was so vulnerable and in a bad place and didn’t think much of it. If I’m being honest I was flattered. Like my inner child finally had a mom. She let me talk to her husband on the phone and wanted us to move with their family when they moved. In my heart I thought it was all too good to be true, and it was. 

Anyway when everything in my last post happened I started to become more assertive, as difficult as it was. She didn’t like that. She told me “the old you was delightful. The new you is not loveable. She’s not even likeable!” This gutted me. My main trigger has always been feeling unloved or like I’m not enough, and she knew it. It devastated me and I became suicidal. When I told her that her words hurt me, she told me “that is so out of character. I would never say that. You make shit up! I think you fill in the blanks in your head with what you think you hear.” I was like no, I know you said it, to which she interrupted “I’m not going to argue with you!”

I was devastated again. I feel like a crazy person. I know she said it. I know she did. I’m so upset that she said all those things about me. 

I started seeing a new therapist who is trauma informed and does EMDR. So far I’ve had 1 or 2 serious EMDR sessions and while exhausting, it’s been helpful. She is finally helping me work up the courage to file a report against my old T. She said she sounds like a narcissist, a gaslighter, and almost abusive. It was very validating to hear those things because I felt like I was going crazy. 

It took me a long time to get to this point. I have texts and voicemails and pictures from her and I hope it’s enough for my report to be taken seriously. I felt immense guilt about messing with her livelihood but my new T assured me that she made that choice when she violated ethical boundaries. 

I am still so beyond broken especially as the holiday season has creeped in. I’m just trying to hold it together and be kind to myself. I want to thank you all for being so kind to me and for all your advice. It’s been hard to work up the nerve to write and it was super triggering and cringey to have to relive it all. 
I cross posted this to another sub as well.