I think my wife may have an inappropriate relationship with her therapist
For years my wife has wanted a therapist, tried a few but they all let her down in one way or another. Then a few months ago she told me she had finally found one she thinks would be a great fit.

When she first told me about them, she never once said what their name was or how she found them.

What she did say was that this person had completed their degree but was currently unlicensed. She thought I might have a problem with this and basically told me that they're black and black people in this field have more difficulty getting these kinds of things because it's controlled by a white majority and the field is catered for white people.

I don't disagree with what she's saying, there is a reason we don't see many black therapists  (atleast out here in the western states of the us). But the way she was talking about it made me think there was more too it.

One day I was on her insagram and everything became much more clear.

I discovered that they have been following eachother and in her DM's there were messages with this therapist going back about a year and a half BEFORE she even told me about this person.

I didn't see anything overtly sexual in the messages, but my gut feeling was that something just didn't feel right. 

For context I didn't even know I was looking at her insagram exchanges with her therapist until I got to read where she was asking to be taken on as a patient, I thought it was just some random person in her DM's she had not told me about.

The messages started out with just the typical reactions to a post the other had made, and then they started to get more acquainted with eachother. Talking about likes, dislikes, checking in to see how the other is doing based on a post they saw the other make. All this before they even started doing therapy sessions together.

She was already talking about her family with them, like how music in her grandparent's day was just as sexual and raunchy in their time as it is today. The therapist's response to that was not a "Yes or I agree" in any way, they simply said this:

"I want to lick you up and down, all over town, now turn around."

Then I saw a month ago the therapist had sent a heart emoji in responce to one of my wife's gym selfies, after they had already started therapy together. 

I think that was one of the main things that made me feel this was an unprofessional relationship, why is a therapist reacting to my wife's gym selfie? Is this a normal thing to do?

So am I being completely insecure/paranoid and all of this is pretty innocent, or is my gut right and this feels like an unprofessional relationship with a therapist?

Also, if this is unprofessional how do I even attempt to bring this up with her?