I hate, hate, HATE teletherapy
I know I'll find some compatriots here.

To be clear, I worked with Interim T exclusively via telehealth. I saw her for over a year. It wasn't bad, but of course I didn't have any other experience of seeing her to compare it to.

About two hours before my session today, T's office called and said he couldn't make it into the office today but could do a phone or video session. I wasn't thrilled, but I told myself it would be okay for two reasons. One, we did exclusively telephone sessions for almost three months at the beginning of the pandemic. Two, this was my second session of the week. So, not ideal, but not a big thing, right?

It was not okay.

The connection was terrible. The video was jerky and the sound kept cutting in and out. It wasn't so bad that I couldn't follow the gist of what he was saying, but it was extremely distracting.

Furthermore, the *connection* was terrible. T has a habit of going off on kind of these rambling tangents sometimes. In person it's almost endearing, but over video it was awful. I felt like I was being lectured to. I know cognitively that's not what was going on, but the way he was talking to me made me feel incredibly...small.

We had talked the other day about scheduling two sessions a week until I start my new job. He seemed fine with it. I mean, I know he is fine with it. But after he greeted me he kind of put me on the spot asking me what my motivation for scheduling an extra session this week was and told me he didn't want me to put pressure on myself by coming to therapy too often. 

I don't think it's exaggerating to say today's session felt like I was talking to a stranger. It felt like talking to A therapist, but it didn't feel like talking to MY therapist. To make matters worse, he referred a couple of times to his work with other clients. Normally I don't have the least problem with this. I'm happy for his other clients that they get to work with such a great therapist! But today I felt like a box he was checking off.

I feel awful. I have a stomachache, and I think I might cry.

I am 99% convinced that when I see him in person next week, everything will be fine and we can have a real conversation and maybe I'll even be able to be honest about what I really want to talk about, which is how hard not having him was.

But I'm feeling really fragile right now.

I HATE teletherapy.