“What would that do for you, if I was nice to you?”
Feeling rejected. 

I have been struggling with some significant CPTSD symptoms and SI lately. My therapist has always been direct but empathetic and kind. Not that fluffy how does that make you feeeel? But genuinely empathetic. This round of struggle she’s been coming from more of a tough love place? Like more pulled back, reserved. No validation or empathy. She’s been all about thoughts and behaviors and she’s been pushy. Which maybe I need the pushy part, but not having the emotional connection has me feeling very alone in it and kind of abandoned. 

We jumped in yesterday, thoughts behaviors words. I had feelings about her continuing to push without feeling connected. I’m not good at this relationship feelings stuff. But I got brave and said I feel like I either want to yell at you or cry, or maybe even both. I want to make you go very far away or get you closer to me because I don’t like where you are, this kind of half way away from me. 

She asked me what I meant. 

I said I feel alone because this is hard, I’m having a really hard time, and you are pushing a lot and I just wish you could be……nice. I wish you would be nicer to me right now. 

She took a very long pause. She never pauses like that, she’s always quick with words. I kind of braced myself for rejection but also I have enough of a relationship and trust that I did kind of expect she would respond with empathy. I felt some trust that she would respond with understanding. 

Instead of that, she used the same flat voice she been using a lot lately and said, I wonder if this is some kind of PTSD flashback thing? wanting me to be nice? because it’s kind of coming out of nowhere. 

I felt some tears coming and shame at risking a request and being misunderstood. I considered what she said, was the request or wish part of an emotional flashback? But no, this as a now feeling. Now time adult person self wishing for empathy while struggling.
So I said that, no this is a now feeling.

She took another really long pause. I felt so stupid for asking and asking in such a sideways way but I also knew she knew exactly what I meant, we have worked together long enough for her to know what I meant. But how disgusting of me to want kindness. Why would she want to do that? I felt like I was going to start in sobbing if I didn’t shut that down. I squeezed my eyes shut and held my breath as her pause continued forever. 

Finally she said flatly, what would that do for you, if I was nice to you? What would me being nice mean to you? 

I felt so ashamed. Why would I want someone to be nice? What WOULD that do for me anyway? Why would I want HER to be nice? Of course she wouldn’t be nice to me. Why would anyone? 

I felt overwhelmed and knew I was going to just start sobbing and I didn’t want to do that, not while she was wondering why on earth I would want her to be kind. I looked at the clock and it was 12 minutes left. I knew there wasn’t enough time to melt down and get back together and anyway, I did not want to show any more weakness. Showing more feelings was going to end very poorly. 

I said, this is probably close enough and I think maybe I’ll just leave now. 

She didn’t reply, just sat there looking at me. I started to get up and in the same flat voice she just said, okay. I shoved my feet into my boots and grabbed my coat and rushed out. 

I had the meltdown on my own, alone. Which is fine. I am almost always anyway. I hate asking for connection. I hate wanting it. But I needed it and I asked and she was cold and it really, really stings. I feel so stupid for really trusting she would respond kindly.

ETA: she’s a good therapist really. We’ve worked on this relationship for an embarrassingly long time. I don’t think she was trying to be cruel, maybe she was being careless, but it still was really really hurtful.