Update: "Struggling with the way my therapist regards my ex's behavior." (A positive experience!)
This is an update post that absolutely no one asked for, but I wanted to write it up for myself, because I'm actually happy with how it went.

Two weeks ago, after my last session, I wrote a post about my ex's behavior and my therapist's resistance (as I perceived it) to labeling it as abuse, which you can read [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/TalkTherapy/comments/qxopul/struggling_with_the_way_my_therapist_regards_my/) if you want to. In summary, I had been wanting to label some of my ex's behavior as abusive, but I wasn't sure if it fit the definition exactly or not (mostly because I don't think it was a conscious attempt to control me, and literature seems to vary on whether or not that is necessary). I explained this to my therapist, and she asked, "Why do you feel like it's so important to you to label it?"

After writing about it here, and reading responses, and processing for a while, and talking to a friend about it, I realized that part of the reason it was so hard to hear is that I was interpreting this question to mean that she didn't want me to label it as abuse, presumably because it didn't fit the definition. But that wasn't actually what she said.

I made a note in my journal for my next session, "To therapist: You asked why I wanted to label it as abuse, and I felt like you were discouraging me from using that label. Were you trying to discourage me from that / do you think it's a bad idea for me to label it, or were you just asking a question and I'm projecting that implication?" And I resolved to try not to ruminate on it too much until I could ask her that question, which was semi-successful.

Today I talked to her about it. I started by saying I was kind of nervous to bring it up. Then I sort of talked around it for a while before actually getting to the point (as usual), but with potentially relevant information - I explained that I had felt confused about it, so I posted on the internet, and something about the variety of responses I had gotten helped me to step away from the situation a little bit, and I had thought to use that trick of imagining a friend describing the situation to you, and thinking about how you would label that situation if you weren't involved in it yourself. And I decided that if a friend described the situation to me, I would probably label it as abuse, and that feels like a good enough metric to me. And I finally got to the point and said that I had felt like she was discouraging me from using the label of "abuse", and had that actually been her intent?

And not only did she say that had not been her intent, she also apologized for saying anything that may have come off that way!

I guess I really was expecting her to say, "Yes, I do think it's a bad idea for you to label it as abuse, because I don't think it meets the definition. I think in fact that you are the abuser in this situation, and his actions were a justifiable response, and you want to use the label of abuse in order to continue living in denial about the harm that you caused to your partner." (Or a more polite, therapy-appropriate version.) Because that is what my ex kept telling me.

But she didn't say that. She apologized for giving that impression, and she said that she was trying to redirect because she thought I might be fixating on the particular language in a way that might be unhelpful and distract from real healing. And I think that "fixate" is a very accurate term, and something for me to think about in the future, because I think I fixate and ruminate a lot. Of course, the way I (mis)interpreted her question led to me fixating even more, but now that I have talked to her about it, I feel so relieved, and like maybe I can actually move on from the labeling issue like she wanted me to before.

And I'm kind of just really proud of myself for recognizing (even if it took a while) that I was reading between the lines and making assumptions about implications that weren't there, and then actually asking my therapist to clarify, even though it is very scary to me to do anything that feels like questioning my therapist (or questioning people in general). And it went really well and I feel better.

Okay that's all, thanks for reading.