Dead bedroom due to assault - helping someone who is a survivor
Posted this on r/dead bedrooms but would love the perspective of this sub, especially from survivors. Thank you.


Hello everyone, throwaway account for privacy reasons. 
My wife and I used to have a wonderful sex life. At least once day if not more when our schedules allowed it. 
I knew my wife had issues with intimacy due to what she described as “trauma” when we met, I made sure to let her take her time, communicated constantly and eventually we came to a place where she was confident and trusting, and we both enjoyed our intimacy very much. 

Before I get to our current issue, I want to make it clear that I absolutely am still head over heels for this woman. She is my soulmate, my person, and we are both crazy about each other. It isn’t the same as in the beginning of our relationship, but we have grown together and I love her more each and every day. There is no doubt in my mind that she feels the same.

Now, over the course of our relationship, I have discovered that the trauma that she was referring to was actually repeated sexual assault and rape by multiple men when she was very young. No one apart from me is aware of this. Ten months ago she thought she saw one of her abusers, which triggered an intense ptsd episode that took hours of consoling her to get out of. Our sexual relationship understandably took a dive. Three months ago another one of her abusers was at a wedding we went to, and despite my best efforts to keep him away from her, he got close to her while I went to the bathroom and said some vile things to her. Since then, it has been hard for her to even be touched. 

Nightmares are constant, sex is completely off the table (although we have started to  cuddle and have romantic dates again). I fully support her and don’t want to force her into doing anything. But… I am an incredibly sexual person and it is hard for me to cross out that part of my life. I’ve told her I would wait as long as it takes, but she is scared I will leave. 

Has anyone here dealt with something similar? How do I let her know she has nothing to fear? How can I prepare myself for a sexless marriage if that is what she needs? How can I help her heal and make her feel safe again?

Any advice and/or similar experiences greatly appreciated.