I am stuck in a life I do not want or enjoy.
Hello, I am reaching out to anyone who would like to give me the time to vent and then ask for your advice. It means everything to me for this is something that is destroying me inside. I do not know where else to go but I've heard reddit is a good place for advice. When you read my story you may look at me as a selfish bitter woman but everyone has their preference for what they have in life and I have the exact opposite of what I want.

I am a 25 year old female, I have been with my husband for over 9 years but we have been married for 2. I have been with him since I was 15 and he was 17. I am a very independent person, I have always been a very independent person and that's always been my personality. I had great things planned out for my life, I wanted to do so many things once I got my career in a place, and I have! I've had a great paying job that I've been in since I was 23. My husband always told me he wanted to be a father at the age of 25 and I always declined that saying I would not be ready until I was at least 30, he got what he wanted though. He made me a mom at the age of 23 and himself at the age of 25. I'm not going to come out and say it is fully his fault because it takes two to tango but I made it clear that I did not want any children anytime soon and he did what he did anyways, I guess that's what I get for having unprotected sex. 6 months pass by and my son is 6 months old, I'm doing fine, I'm tired because motherhood is always challenging but I'm doing okay. His younger cousins come to stay with us for a little while who are 9 and 15 and they open up to us about things not being safe for them at home and the older one called CPS. My husbands asks if its okay for them to temporarily stay with us, what am I going to do, say no? 6 months pass by and it looks as if they will be permanently staying with us. And because they are now our responsibility we had to become certified foster parents. Because we became foster parents the county is always calling us to take in more. 3 more months pass by and my husband gets a call about a 15 year old girl who needs a temporary foster home. My husband talks to me about it and says, we should just do it because she will only be in our home for a month before she moves across the country to live with a cousin, so I agree. The month passes by and my husband has grown attached to her. I am not surprised and I'm sure he thought that was going to happen anyways. He asks the girl if she really wants to move with this cousin she doesn't even know or if she would feel more comfortable with us and she admits she doesn't want to move anymore and wants to stay. My husband tells me what they've discussed and how she doesn't want to go and then asks me if it would be okay if she stayed with us and we could consider adoption. What am I suppose to say? I see you've grown attached to this girl and she enjoys it here but no. You can say it's my fault for not speaking up but in these situations I just don't have the heart to turn a child away. Of course I agree but I'm slowly starting to lose myself. I am a 25 year old female whose gone from complete dependence planning out my life for the greatest years of my life to a mom of 4 in just a little over a year. 

My husband does a lot for the other children while I do most of the work for our 1 year old son but that's all we do. He is always driving them somewhere, they all go to counseling so they need constant driving to so many different appointments and school Monday through Friday as well.

I cannot do the things my friends do. I cannot travel or go out the way I've always wanted to. 95% of my time goes to taking care of kids. I have greatly reduced my hours at work to almost nothing because I physically cannot be there because of children. I am home all day with what seems like so much time on my hands but I literally can do nothing. I am shackled to my home and forced to be a housewife, and it is not for me. I've always known it would never be for me and I've always said that before children.

If you've read this far you probably know what I'm coming to. I do not enjoy my life and because of this I do not enjoy my marriage. I have reached out to my husband with all of these same words and I get the same reply, "you can have children and still be happy." No. You cannot say that because this life is not for everyone. He tries to plan small dates here and there but a lot of the time they don't happen anyways. I do not believe I can be happily married because it is not possible to live the life or have the marriage I want in this situation. You're probably thinking, well you can still plan trips with him. No we can not physically leave the state as foster parents and even the small beach trip that we've done hurt me so bad. The thought of being able to do something like that once in a blue moon after jumping a million obstacles to do it was just another reminder of how restricted we are. We use to go to the beach all of the time like it was nothing, just something we've planned last minute, jump in the car and go. No. Now planning a dinner date is like trying to apply for a home mortgage. I do not want to be married to my husband anymore. It's really hard not to blame him daily for constantly hating my life. I want to leave so bad and find happiness elsewhere. I will always be there for my son who will get no less love from me. I do love the other children but I know and they know they do not need me attachment wise but more errand wise. I do not have the marriage I want and I don't think it can ever be what I want with him. I have lost myself and my own identity because I do not do anything for myself anymore. My mind is telling me to leave and find that else where. I need help and advice in what is the right answer because both just seem so wrong. 

Leave but potentially be more happy and dependent elsewhere with less responsibility and dependents or stay and continue to be miserable.