Best friend of 12 years shoved me into a table at our house Christmas party.
Two years ago I (25M) moved into my best friend's house. I had lived with my mom who is severely mentally ill, bi-polar with major depressive disorder, for almost my entire life. Sometimes I lived with my abusive alcoholic father. As I finished school and got a job as a nurse, my mom flipped on me and I finally ran. I moved out to live with my best friend who owns his house since his parents passed. For the first time in my life I felt safe and like I didn't have to hide from the person I lived with. I renovated my room, installing new closet doors, a new ceiling fan, and repainting. It was the dream.

Shortly after I moved in, my friend moved into the third bedroom, and we all continued to have a great time. However, my best friend began dating a girl who within 6 months announced her intentions to move in. Myself and our third roommate were totally fine with this. They had an entire apartment area short of a kitchen downstairs, including a bathroom I renovated for them. We would all have our own space.

My dog came with me when I moved. She is a very intelligent border collie who listens to commands. She and my friends dog had their territory scuffles but after I smacked my dog when she would stop stop being aggressive over food, they lived in peace. Girlfriend brings with her 2 rabbits, a lizard, owns a horse at a stable, and now wants to get a dog. She gets a dog, and a month later my friend's dog passes. Now it is just my border and the new Pit bull/wiener dog mix.

The girlfriend is young and seemed like she was a bit weird, but I respected my space and didn't interject myself into the relationship. I began noticing that my 11 yr old border would have random wounds on her face. Good chunks taken out. One time I heard the dogs fighting, came out to see what was going on, and my border has a tooth hole in her forehead, with blood coming out and the entire clump of fur pulled out in my fingers. She tells me she has no idea what happened, they must have been playing too rough.

Fast forward to the Christmas party. My dog had just gotten emergency surgery to remove a stick that was lodged in her throat. I removed her drain myself and managed her once she got home (I am a nurse.) During the party, both dogs are next to me at the fridge. Friend's girlfriend's dog gets aggressive over food and chomps right onto my dogs neck that still has surgical wounds healing. I hit her dog about 4-5 times with heavy, open handed strikes and pinned him to the floor. She texts my friend saying that I hit her dog.

Friend returns home and stays sober as we are all getting drunk. Later on in the night, her dog comes up to mine again looking to play. I push him away gently as I normally do and have done. My sober friend gets in my face as I am sitting on the floor and says I cannot push the dog around anymore. Since I am not sober, I begin rebutting and saying that he can't keep being aggressive before he shoves me into the coffee table behind me saying "how do you like being shoved around." I responded with "I don't know I'm not a fucking dog."

I immediately lose it and begin to have a breakdown. I did not feel safe in what I thought was home anymore. My girlfriend helps me collect my stuff and she takes me and my dog back to her apartment. My friend talks it out with those that did not leave afterwards and my other roommate. What I gathered is that he was adamant that it is "not his dog" and is his girlfriends dog. Me and him both grew up with rough home lives, but one thing he made clear was that his parents never laid a hand on him, as terrible as they were. The fact that he laid his hands on me over a dog that he claims isn't his is heartbreaking to me.

My friend is passive. He lets problems bubble up and doesn't resolve them. He doesn't like being with this girl. He doesn't like that she invaded his space. He had testicular cancer while they were together and doesn't like that she still wants to have sex now that he's healed but is on medication that reduces his already low sex drive. Our two friends that have been together for years asked him what his plans are with her and he just says he doesn't know and still has to see. He doesn't want to marry her, but he is too passive to break up with her, so he laid his hands on me in front of all of our friends instead as an outlet to have some semblance of control.

Now here I am, feeling that I have to run again, and I'm absolutely heartbroken that I still haven't found a place that can feel safe in all the way through when  I decide to leave.