What exactly is therapy supposed to do?
So I am on my third therapist, and debating with myself in regards if I want to bother trying to find a fourth. I am hesitant to bother at all because I usually always feel worse after sessions than going in, and I am not exactly sure what I am supposed to be getting out of therapy?

The long story.
I have been struggling with Anxiety and Depression for nearly 20 years now, stemming from CPTSD. I spent nearly a decade trying to help myself using online resources, and in the past two years I sought professional help.

The first one was a councilor that specialized in talk therapy. I spent about 3 months, one session a week, discussing my past with them, basically opening up about it and answering questions, assuming that by the time that was all unpacked we would get to the healing part. But after those three months, the councilor said that I "had it all figured out" and moved me to once a month check-ins. I had no odea what therapy actually occured and I just felt deflated that I opened up to a person and received no actual help.

Second therapist was a psychologist, and we spent about 3 months, once per week, doing CBT, DBT, EMDR, IFS, and a few other acronyms to no effect. CBT and DBT seemed very gaslighting in regards to trauma. (Yes, I logically know my life is not in danger, that's not the point, I want to quit my reactions when someone raises their voice). EMDR just seemed like it was a placebo and didn't budge it. IFS is just weaponized DID. Eventually I started feeling suicidal post sessions due to despair so I quit.

Third therapist is a councilor that had a 'person focused' approach, and been seeing them for 6 months one per week. I had really tried with this one, been entirely honest and even pushed myself to be more challenging so I can get explanations, even approaching him, multiple times, in regards to therapy not working. He eventually approached me saying that "Therapy can really only help the psychological issues, and while there is some work we can do for that, you are very aware of that. The majority of your issues are either biological or environmental and therapy can't really address those." And he basically put me on once a month check-ins as well.

Which, okay, whatever, fair enough I suppose. He's the professional and despite my natural inclination I trust his experience. But I still don't understand the 'point' of therapy? Is it really just talking about your issues that is supposed to make you feel better and some advice that I could read on a psychologytoday article?