Odd behavior by therapist
I’m confused about my therapists behavior during our sessions. First, she’s always typing on her laptop. She’d ask me a question and while I answer, she’s typing away on her laptop the whole time. She never maintains eye contact. When I’m done talking, she’s still typing on her laptop for another two minutes. Then she asks me a follow up question, but I would have already been sitting idle thinking about something else during the silence. There’s no flow to the conversation, it’s more like a Q&amp;A session with a lot of free time in between for me to sit idle while she types.

Second, I had told her I was recently diagnosed with fertility issues. She didn’t ask for details, or how I took the news when I heard it, or any of that. She immediately said I was grieving, then printed out an image of the stages of grief (denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance), read it out loud to me, then asked me what stage I’m in. This was very strange to me because I’m not grieving, I’m very hopeful that I can still have a family that includes a child. I just needed some support to get through the diagnosis, which was one of the biggest reasons why I went to a therapist to begin with. I told her that I’m not sure I’m grieving and she said “I’m sure it’s a lot of emotions for you.” It seemed like she wasn’t listening to anything I was saying since she’s so focused on her notes. 

I’m not sure if she’s inexperienced (she’s been practicing less than 2 years, and her title still says pre-licensed clinical therapist). I also had to sign additional paperwork when I started where she explained she’s in training and logging in the hours with me for her license requirement. But the cost after insurance is $110 per session and I feel like that’s so much for me to pay if she’s just using me to get notes for her license requirement. Feels like I kinda got assigned to her because the clinic she’s with has really good reviews, but I didn’t choose her specifically.. I was assigned to her.

Does anyone here know if the excessive note taking is odd? How much time does your therapist spend each session focusing on notes? I want a therapist who’s an active listener, but I’m definitely not getting that from her. I don’t know if I should email her about why this isn’t working out for me and give her another chance or just request a new therapist.