I’ve cut my dad out of my life and It’s almost Christmas and I’m really struggling. This will be my first Christmas without my family and it’s kind of hurting and I’m doubting my decision to cut them out entirely.
I just turned 25 this year and this is the second year after I realized that my dad has been emotionally abusing me. If you look up the typical signs of being gaslit, I fall under every single one of them. Examples- him contradicting himself in one conversation. One second, he is telling me that I have to get out there and start dating so I can get married. About 3 minutes later he tells me that I need to stay single and focus on my studies. When I call him out for that he nods and is like, yeah I know. When I ask which I’m supposed to do he says “both” with a completely straight face. 

He used the Bible against me all the time to tell me that I shouldn’t have tattoos or cut my hair short, but when I ask about the makeup thing which is right next to those verses, he said “well times have changed. You need to wear makeup to look presentable. You are beautiful the way you are…. But makeup is important to wear to make sure you look nice.

There have been multiple occasions where he starts screaming at me out of no where. Like “why are the dishes not done yet!? Mom gets home in 5 hours!” ….. yeah. He also would mostly do this in front of guests, especially other men around his age. But then after the screaming, he would completely flip a switch and he would be this very friendly, loving dad that asks how my day was.  

He would constantly tell me that I make horrible decisions and if I make a decision now that he doesn’t like, he likes to tell me that I can’t be trusted, because look at the thing I did when I was 15! See, I messed up there, that proves that I still make bad decisions 10 years later. I also get the classic, we treat you like a child because you haven’t yet proven to us that you can handle being an adult! Despite the fact that I am an adult and they don’t pay for a single one of my things. I have a good job, my own apartment that I pay for myself, and all my groceries. When he did pay for some of my things - ie, insurance- and he owned the car I drove but refused to let me buy it from him several times,he would always talk about how much of a burden I am to him. When he pays for none of my things, he tells me how much of a burden I am on everyone else. I’ve always been a burden. 

There is so much more, but the last thing is the weird sexual things. Alone, they may be a bit weird , but together, they seem more harmful. I look identical to my mom when she was my age. Ever since I started puberty, my dad has tried to make me into his ideal woman. He talked about how I needed to dress, how long I should have my hair, the fact that I should always cook for my husband… you know, the one I didn’t have yet. And in more recent years, he talked about how I needed to always have my nails done because when he was looking for a potential girlfriend, he said he always looked at her nails, so I needed to go get mines done. Mind you, I work in a factory. Nice nails are not a thing. He would also make a lot of comments about my breasts. If I wasn’t wearing a bra, he would comment on how they moved. He would make fun of me crossing my arms to walk down the stairs so they wouldn’t bounce and he would grab my arm and shake me back and forth just staring at how my boobs moved. He also liked to snap my bra.

I guess I just need some validation that this was not cool for him to do and I should definitely not be around him this Christmas and if my family wants to be with him, that’s fine, but I should steer clear. 

Thank you, sorry for the super long post