How do you prepare to sit on a guy’s face?
He really wants me to and I have no idea how to go about doing any of that??

EDIT : FOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS THIS QUESTION, THERE IS A WONDERFUL ANSWER THAT IM PUTTING ON BLAST:

“*In any sexual relationship, there are moments of curiosity and exploration; sadly, many people think they should just "know" what to do, or worse, mimic what they might have seen in a porn clip.

In reality, there's some fumbling, some laughter and, if all goes well, mutual pleasure, and if not, mutual respect that whatever was being tried isn't working out at the moment (or ever) and it's not something to continue doing.

The "face sitting" request - I suspect - is not literally using his face as a seat (although there are some folks who do that for pleasure...) it is more likely that he's interested in performing oral sex on you while you are above him, with you in a somewhat seated/squatting position. If you have ever done oral sex with him before, it's basically the same thing, but you're on top, either facing his feet or facing his head. Squat down over him, move around and help him figure out where to lick until it feels OK for you. Remember your sexywords - "there. no. not there. higher. lower. faster. slower. stop. ok. yes." These words are super-important when having intimate time...communicate! It's not about grunting at one another.

He also might be interested in licking your anus. Normally, I'd say simply ask him - "Do you mean you want to lick my ass?" but maybe you're not at the comfort level with him (it would be easier if you were). Anyway, some people enjoy that, others are horrified by the idea, others think it's fine on occasion. What gets you off can change over time and in different contexts and partners.   In general, you would want to make sure you're at least willing to consider that experience to see if you like it, and he would have to be OK in case you decided while trying it this wasn't something for you. Anyway...if the butt is potentially involved, give yourself a really good washup beforehand, paying extra attention to your butthole with soap and a washcloth. Scrub more than you think is needed and rinse off a long time to wash off any soap. As far as the "sitting" part, just position yourself so his mouth can make contact and use your sexy words to guide him and see what's working for you. Don't get too stressed, it's just sex. And if he's not willing to listen to your sexywords guidance...well it's time to move on from that relationship.*” - u/misstrauisch