A girl goes to her locker and notices that her locker neighbor has a strange substance on his face.
A girl and her boyfriend are walking down the street and they see a man who is soaking wet with blood all over his body.
A girl is sitting in the back row of her PE class and when the teacher asks to take attendance, she realizes that she forgot to put her name on the roll call.
A girl is sitting in her English class when she notices that there are no copies of their textbook.
It is raining
It is snowing
The sky is clear
It is sunny
A child is crying and everyone tries to console him
A child is being told that she needs to stay in her room
A child wears all the cute clothes she has and won't take them off
A child's favorite toy is taken away
A hurricane destroys a coastal city, flooding the streets.
The forest catches fire and scorches the nearby city, causing a conflagration that burns for years to come.
An earthquake hits a major city, leaving it in rubble.
I've been getting a lot of aches and pains in my joints and muscles.
I'm really stressed out because I feel like I'm never going to get back on track.
My asthma is acting up at work.
Lost a client's contract
Contract gets renewed
Contract gets canceled
Cooking can be a difficult job, but if you know the basics, you can make a delicious meal.
You can't cook without pots and pans!
Cooking is a good way to spend time with friends.
Driving to a restaurant for an important date.
Driving through a construction zone.
Driving in the rain with no wipers.
Neighbors are all beautiful and friendly
Neighborhood is very peaceful
Parents argue over who gets to use the internet on their phone
Parents are worried that their daughter is being bullied online
The economy is booming, and people are spending more than they make
The economy is in recession, and people aren't spending as much as they make
The economy is slow, and people aren't spending as much as they make
The economy is doing well, and people are saving more than they make
