The steak was cooked to perfection.
I like the way you dress.
I made love to you last night.
We need to talk about our relationship.
I don't know what happened."
I'm sorry, but you have to leave right now or else we will get into trouble with the law.
We got a flat tire on the way home and it's going to take us a while to get it fixed."
It is cold outside and you are wearing a thin jacket.
It is raining outside and you are riding a bike.
It is sunny outside and your new shoes are getting wet.
The children are walking to their bus stop.
The children are watching a movie together.
The children are playing with their toys.
The children are learning how to ride a bike.
The children are eating dinner at home.
A volcano erupts on the island of Hawaii
A forest fire breaks out in California
A hurricane hits the southern United States
My phone battery is dead.
My work shirt is stained.
I forgot my wallet and now I can't buy lunch.
I spilled coffee on my computer and need to get it fixed.
Worker: I have to go to work today.
Boss: I'm sorry, you'll have to come in tomorrow because I'm in a meeting all day.
Worker: Great, can you please get me a ride to the bus stop?
Boss: Sure, just let me know when you're ready to leave.
I want to make macaroni and cheese.
I want to make a cake.
I want to make spaghetti.
my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
I was in a car accident and I got arrested
my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
Neighbor finds out you have been spraying your yard with pesticides.
Neighbor thinks you are selling drugs on the side of your house.
Neighbor's dog just got hit by a car and now they don't want to be around it.
Ned is on his way to drop off his daughter at summer camp, but she's not there.
It's very hot, Ned realizes he forgot his car in the parking lot so he heads back home to get it.
Ned and his wife are going to have a baby.
If everyone has the same amount of money, it's harder to have a true sense of poverty and inequality.
If people don't have the same amount of money, they can really feel the effects of poverty and inequality.
I'm a stay-at-home mom
I'm an actor
I'm a nurse
I work in finance
I own my own business
A dog goes out for a walk and poops on the ground.
A dog goes to a party where there are lots of other animals present.
A dog is adopted by a family.
A dog is adopted by a student.
A dog attends school and gets bullied.
It is a piece of cake to buy a house and find a mortgage
After six months, you can sell the house and get your money back
All of your friends envy you for your new home
Your parents have a house you can live in while saving for your own
I'm bored at work.
I'm bored at work.
I'm bored at work.
I'm bored at work.
I'm bored at work.
When you have a cold, you are always congested so your voice is hoarse.
You get sick on the day before finals and miss a huge section of your lecture.
The person you're dating doesn't hold your hand when they walk with you and it makes you feel like they don't care.
I am so tired that I fall asleep before my alarm goes off in the morning.
I'm angry at my boss because he doesn't listen to me.
I'm angry at my mom because she won't let me go to the mall.
I'm angry at my sister because she stole my car.
