The sky is grey with gray clouds.
There is a thunderstorm with rain falling down.
It's sunny and warm.
A two-year-old child runs to the edge of the cliff, holding a large boulder.
A four-year-old is playing in the park with a toy phone, but realizes her friend has the real one.
A ten-year-old is playing soccer with her friends and accidentally kicks her friend in the face.
1. A two year old runs to the edge of cliff holding a large boulder while crying for his mother.
2. A four year old is playing with her toy phone in the park, but realizes her friend has the real one and cries when she takes it from her.
3. A ten year old is playing soccer with her friends when she accidentally kicks an unsuspecting friend in the face and cries out in pain when he falls down onto the ground.
A natural disaster takes place in the United States.
A tsunami sweeps through the Carolina coast.
A hurricane strikes the East Coast.
An earthquake rocks California.
I left my wallet at home.
I can't find my keys.
My shoes are soaked in mud.
I need a new pair of pants.
I work in a coffee shop; I get a promotion to work as a barista.
I work in a place where all we make are sandwiches and salads; my boss comes to me and tells me that we're going to start making sushi.
My employer is having financial troubles, so they send me home from work early because they can't afford to pay me for the hours I'm missing.
I'm cooking dinner for my family when my stove turns on by itself and starts frying bacon.
I make a dish for my friend to try out, but I accidentally put in too much salt.
My friend is visiting from out of town, and she's really into cooking.
You are coming up on a green light.
You are coming up on a red light.
Neighbors are fighting and yelling.
Neighbors have a party out in their front yard, and the kids are playing on the trampoline.
The neighbor across the street is smoking pot.
Neighbors are playing cards.
Parents are worried because their daughter is playing soccer with a boy who is much older than her.
Parents have to leave for work and send their son off to daycare, so they can't provide much supervision during nap time.
Parents are worried that their child has been spending too much time with his friends after school.
