1. You're walking down the street and you spot a car full of kids trying to drive away from their house.
2. You're trying to get on the subway, and the doors close in your face because the subway is crowded.
3. You're in a crowded bar and you don't want to lose your beer when someone knocks it out of your hand.
4. You're at the grocery store, and your cart is bumping into everyone else's, so you decide to take it over in order to avoid the inconvenience.
5. You're at a party in college, and someone spills alcohol on yourself after taking too big of a drink.
The temperature is below freezing and the snow has formed a coat of ice on the top of the sidewalk.
A storm has caused a power outage and the sky is full of lightning and thunder.
It is sunny out, but there are several inches of snow on the ground.
A tornado came through and blew down a tree, leaving it in a crumpled heap on the ground.
Young Girl in a Coffee Shop, writing on the table with a pencil
Small Boy Running Down the Street
Young Girl at the Park
Toddler and His Animal Friends
Natural disasters are caused by volcanoes, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, meteors, and tornadoes.
A woman's car breaks down and she can't afford to fix it
A family is struggling financially and has no money to buy food
A man has a medical emergency and is unable to afford the health care needed
A husband and wife are both employed and both work in the same office. They decide to separate their offices so that they can have separate work spaces.
A company has recently expanded and they have to build a new office building. The construction workers have to put scaffolding around the building to make sure no one falls off.
A health inspector is inspecting an office for compliance with fire code regulations.
My mom makes pancakes for breakfast.
I'm in the kitchen making oatmeal when there's a knock on the door.
I'm cooking chicken soup for my sick grandma.
Movies played in the car
Driving in a car with your best friend
A traffic jam
Neighbors might spend the night to clear the snow from their driveways
Neighbors might borrow your lawnmower
A mother is walking her daughter to school.
A father is playing video games at his youngest son's 6th birthday party.
A mother is reading a book when her daughter comes home from school.
A father is trying to teach his son how to ride a bike.
The economy crashes
The economy recovers
The economy is booming
The economy is declining
You're dating someone and you think it's going to be the start of a new life together, but they keep on talking about their previous career.
You've been working as an accountant for 10 years and are bored with your work.
You just graduated college with a degree in history and you want to get your hands dirty.
A woman throws a shoe at a dog. The shoe hits the dog on the head, making it cry.
A dog runs up to a woman on her porch and starts to bark. The woman pushes the dog away with her foot and the dog falls down the porch steps and breaks its leg.
A man walks into his house and is greeted by his English Bulldog licking his face.
I'm living with my parents and decide to buy a house in my own name
I'm living with my boyfriend and decide to buy a house together
I'm renting out an apartment and decide to buy a home
I'm buying a home and want to move in early
Being bored at work
Being bored while driving
Being bored at a party
