My dad died and I feel so guilty about my boundaries
Hello everyone.

I'm 27, and for as long as I can remember my father was my whole life. He was always the "provider" in the family and I looked up to him greatly. He eventually started a business abroad and became hugely successful. He, my mom and I looked forward to an exciting and eventful life together. He also had such a sweet spot for me - I was his only kid, and that was on purpose. He always said he never wanted another daughter or a son because "he had chosen me". He gave me so much love, affection and guidance. I had the biggest Oedipus complex, if you can call it that. We shared interests, plans and we had a very similar sense of humor. We were basically best friends. He also respected my intellect and talent and always said that I was like "a better version of him".

He had always gotten drunk occasionally and he had been in rehab for cocaine use in his teens, but about five years ago it started to get worse and worse. Like, exponentially worse. Someone in the business betrayed him, he lost everything and he retreated into himself. We saw each other sometimes, but he would get aggressive or something would just feel off. We started getting estranged periodically, we would not speak for months and then would resume the relationship as if nothing had happened. I started getting panic attacks and feeling depressed, especially after a bad therapist convinced me that he was abusive and sociopathic. It was the worst time of my life and I definitely started "grieving" him back then. (If only I knew that I would *actually* lose him, I would have hugged him so tight.)

We hadn't been speaking for about a year (he last called to drunkenly talk about some porn he was watching and I hung up) when I got the call last Tuesday. He died of a heart attack while he slept. He drank seven bottles of vodka that week. My maternal grandfather took me to the funeral home and I signed the necessary papers to allow the cremation. They brought the body in a bag for me to see, he was only wearing his underwear. I said "thank you" and stroked his face, but it didn't feel like enough. A few minutes later I realized that I wanted to hug him and tell him how much I love him but they didn't let me. It was too late.

The next day I went to his mother's apartment (he had gone from living in a seafront condo to living in a tiny apartment with his mother) to pick up his things: his clothes, his computer, his personal documents. The clothes were ragged, he had no perfumes (he had always been so clean and tidy). His computer was broken and stitched with tape (he had been a cyber security expert). His documentation said that he had become diabetic from the alcohol, and he also suffered from psychosis and hallucinations. He had a box full of Risperidone and Lorazepam. How could I had been so deep into denial? He was like a God to me, in my little girl mind, and I would have never imagined that he was going to end up this way. I was convinced that he would rise above the circumstances, like he had always done, like he had always promised.

Just yesterday I realized that I was also mentally ill. I was denying reality, and if I'd known better I'd have definitely done things differently. Screw the boundaries! I'd have gone to see him, even if he didn't look for me first, even if he treated me badly. I'd have hugged him so tight. I'd have told him how much I loved him. I'd have let him die next to me, moved in with him, or whatever the hell was necessary. I need him. Why did he not look for me? Why did he not call me anymore? I would have been right there with him.

ETA: Thanks to all for being so kind and understanding. Re-reading my post, there's also a great deal of idealization with regards to how great he once was to me. There were always hurtful moments, and I also failed to mention that he was usually violent to my mom while they were married, though I only found out years later. There's a lot that I have yet to unpack. Thanks again, now I don't feel so alone anymore. 💜