Last conversation with my mom before she was sent to the hospital, staying firm on boundaries even years later
Just found out my mom was in the hospital. She got out tonight but still don't know what it was, other than she couldn't breathe. 

My mom is a mostly recovered alcoholic. She sometimes chooses to drink around the holidays, but otherwise has been sober over 10 years. She has come a long way and I'm proud of her. But when she does drink I can tell right away even though it's been years since I've heard her  after a drink, I just know. It's really triggering and I've always had a boundary even since I was a kid that I won't see or talk to her on the phone when she drinks even a little.The other day she called me and had been meaning to call my brother. But I asked her how she was and started chatting. She sounded tipsy so I asked and she said she had a drink yesterday but not today. Eventually she said she had been drinking this morning. I kindly reminded her that I don't want to talk when she has been drinking and we could chat later. She said she misdialled and quickly hung up 

I called in the evening to check on her. She can't take care of herself well due to brain damage and health issues and my brother was out of town so I was a bit worried when she didn't answer. Eventually she called me back at 11pm and apologized for talking to me when she was drunk. She said she didn't want to make me uncomfortable. It honestly meant so much to me to hear her say that. She really does try and I was proud of myself for sticking to my boundary even though I felt guilty for it in the moment. I felt bad that she was all alone and sad and I pushed her further away, but I'm glad she knows I love her but  I just need my boundaries respected

I guess I'm just thinking about this conversation. I miss her and wish things in life had been different. She could have been a good mom if alcohol and abusive boyfriends didn't get in the way. But I'm glad she is able to self reflect and try to do better