Realizing I turned my dad into a white knight
Just venting bc I don't wanna trauma dump on my friends.
Growing up, my mom was a drug addict. Like obviously on drugs, neglected me, put me in scary situations, did some prostitution and other crimes, "junkie" type of addict. I have a lot of deep trauma surrounding her addiction.

My dad was always a blue collar, hard-working, functional alcoholic.
So basically even though my dad drank every day after work and might occasionally rage at me,
I always knew he loved me. He made sure I did right, he cooked dinner, he actually cared what I did, he paid for my things.

So I'm realizing now that because of my moms extremity, I picked my dad as my favorite. I've looked up to him my whole life. I accepted his wrongs, and empathized with them. I blamed my mother for breaking his heart, turning him into a depressed alcoholic.

I put him on a pedestal. I cleaned his house up for him when I came over. Always wanted to please him. Felt guilty for not living with him, felt guilty for needing him to give me money. Even though I was a child.

The older I've gotten, the more I wonder why my father didn't take custody of me. I used to think "Oh he knew I wanted to stay there for school and my friends" But that's ridiculous. I was a child. He was supposed to do what was best for me. And he didn't.

And now that I've had my own child, and I think back to him drunkenly raging at me for doing something stupid...it feels so disgusting.

I can remember him taking me to my mom's one day. Then driving back hours later...wasted, unannounced, making me come back to his house, because he realized my mother wasn't home (shocker....I was alone most of the time). Screaming that I had probably been with boys, and I must think he's stupid. Asking me if the boys were hiding out somewhere. All in front of my friends, and then he drove us an hour back to his house, while wasted.

That wasn't good parenting.

I remember calling him after my mom had chased me, trying to steal my phone, and slammed my body in between our front door and the frame.
I hid outside, hyperventilating, I waited for him to get me.

When he got there, he had this eyerolling tired vibe about him. Like he was bothered to have to deal with drama (he'd always refer to the things that happened at my moms "drama"). And she told him she didn't hit me on purpose, and he believed it. I was like 14.

I'm mad at myself for treating him like the best dad ever all this time. I've never once thought of him as someone who did me wrong. The bar shouldn't have been so low. He didn't protect me from my moms chaos and he also sprinkled some of his own in there. It's hard to come to terms with after all these years of being a "mommy issues" girl.

I also remember he'd make these jokes, like I only came to his house to eat food, or to get money from him. Like I, as a child, was using my dad and didn't care to see him. It encouraged the guilt I already felt. And I still feel responsible for others emotions to this day. 

I love my parents but damn man, i hope they don't think I'm a good person because they raised me that way. I'm the only person who can take credit for who I am.