Dad showed up roaringly drunk at my alcohol-free wedding and I had to call the cops
Me and my fiancé planned an alcohol-free wedding because we both have one alcoholic parent, who have both been in differing stages of relapse/recovery for as long as we can remember. In the year leading up to our wedding my partner's alcoholic parent has not relapsed and my own father has shown up sober (meeting my spouse, being invited to see our house etc) to social occasions, so I felt quite hopeful.

Turned out I was being really naive. My dad showed up an hour or two before the wedding while my fiancé was directing the catering and the bar on where to set up. Just more drunk than anyone had ever seen, looking really rough, drooling, barely coherent. He essentially rambled alt-right propaganda and anti-semitic comments to my fiancé (who is jewish) while he and the best man attempted to extract several bottles and cans off his person that he'd tried to smuggle into the wedding. Obviously really triggering and uncomfortable for my fiancé, who called my sister crying. My sister and me set off to the venue early to try and convince him that we were very sorry, but he was not in an appropriate state to attend the wedding and that we would drive him to the hotel, train station, wherever he wanted to go. He absolutely refused and began to berate my sister, telling her that she "was nothing" and "did not matter", and telling her to "shut up while the men were talking" when he said something to my fiancé, etc. When we told him that if he did not leave we would have to call the police he proceeded to threaten her. I called the cops and watched them drag him into a car.

Obviously a really upsetting beginning to my wedding day, but luckily the rest of my family and friends are lovely and the atmosphere was loving. No problems from my partner's previously problematic parent, they were lovely. Managed to concentrate on the celebration but the following days I've been really upset and disappointed. I guess I just thought that your first daughter to get married would be one of the social occasions he would take seriously. I know it doesn't work exactly like that. Just sad and frustrated that he won't get the help he clearly needs or will come out of rehab and just proceed to crack a can open right away. Exhausted with trying to believe he'll get better and right now I really feel like just cutting him off completely. My husband and I are also expecting, and I just don't see us being comfortable with him being around the kid if he hasn't been sober for a while. : /