home for the holidays and idk how much longer i can do this for
found myself back on this sub and need a place to vent

my dad relapsed at the start of Covid in 2020 after he lost his job. he’s been an alcoholic since i can remember but managed to not abuse alcohol and get wasted for around 5/6 years. The Covid lockdown was one of the worst phases of my life- constantly reliving childhood trauma that I’d blacked out for years of my Dad being blackout drunk, barely able to stand, with my mum screaming at him. 

when he’s drunk it’s like he’s a different person- I can see it in his face. dead behind the eyes, not looking at me but looking through me. he never really got violent but became a volatile person where anything said to him becomes an attack.

I had to leave the family home mid-lockdown as I couldn’t take the constant fear, anxiety and panic attacks and my dad went to rehab. again. it didn’t work. again. 

September of that year I was packing to move back to my University city when my Dad got blackout and my mum tried to kick him out of the house. i noticed that entire week before he’d sit on a chair on the balcony and be fixated on the scaffolding (we were having work done on the roof). anyways that day he locked himself on the balcony and tried to kill himself. and i had to watch. he was taken to hospital but apparently didn’t meet the grounds to be sectioned so came back home.

I’m back home for the holidays- something that I’ve been dreading- and it turns out my dad is back to getting blackout drunk. everytime i spoke to my parents or facetimed them he seems fine, but i guess they were both lying to me. he’s back to his old routine of going to the shop, sitting in his car and downing vodka and returning home barely able to walk. he sleeps it off and in an hour is seemingly better. 

i’m sick of it. i’m sick of feeling constantly anxious and unable to concentrate on anything but my dads health. i feel like if i leave him i’m gonna come back and find him dead. he looks like he’s dying. my mother has stopped caring and started ignoring him and ignoring my worries and anxietys. i miss my dad. i miss being able to trust him and rely on him. i miss feeling comfortable in my home. i miss not having to think about alcohol and not having to worry about whether i’ll be able to handle my dad when he walks through the door. i miss not having sever anxiety. as a family we’ve tried everything we can and nothing works anymore. 

congrats if anyones read this far but i just don’t know what to do now. i go back to my flat in about a week but finish my uni course this summer and will have to move back home. i’m already incredibly anxious about it and finding a job that’ll be able to pay for a small flat for myself as i cannot go back home. i hate that i still care so much about my dad but i feel like i can’t give up on him as everyone else has. i love him so much and cherish the moments where he’s sober enough to be himself around me.