My mom just told me that she and my step-dad thought they'd have a bunch of grandchildren by now
TLDR version: alcoholic step-dad's behavior has had a massively negative influence on the lives of me and my two sisters which has resulted in anxiety, depression, relationship problems, eating disorders, self-confidence issues, co-dependence and more.

Full version: I (38F) and my sisters (M, who is 33F &amp; N, who is 31F) have all had issues with relationships and self-confidence for our whole lives. I should note that my step-dad is their biological father, but my mom married him when I was 4, so he was present for most of my childhood.
Step-dad gets trashed most nights. Mom makes excuses for him. He did go through a 12 year stretch of sobriety starting when I was 16. Was sober again for 5 months after getting arrested for drunk driving a year ago (surprisingly, his first offense as he managed to never get caught prior to that). Our whole lives, he's roasted us about our appearance by making fun of our acne when we were teenagers, making comments like "Oh. You're eating AGAIN?!" on occasions when he notices we're having a snack. He gives no f*cks about blasting the tv when people are trying to sleep, gets road rage whenever anyone tries to get into his lane in traffic (but it's okay if he's the one doing it to them), believes he's smarter than his kids simply because he's been alive longer (he dropped out of high school but two out of three daughters have bachelor's degrees).
Needless to say, this has effed us up. N is married to an alcoholic guy who expects her to mother him. M is married to an ex-con, ex-gang member who has SEVEN other children with five or six different women. M's son's father is a narcissist who M took in when his own mother kicked him out. Now he does meth and hasn't seen my nephew in months.
I, myself, have had high levels of anxiety and depression, and a severe lack of self confidence my whole life, which has resulted in my inability to form a long term relationship. This sucks because I want to have my own biological children and my doctor just told me I need to either get pregnant or freeze my eggs in the next 6 months to have the best chance for a healthy pregnancy. 
M has a penchant for bad boys who she thinks are just down on their luck and her love and care will turn their lives around. She is also high on anxiety and low on self-esteem and was obese for most of her adult life.
N is very co-dependent on her husband, has severe body image issues and has anxiety about being seen in public with no makeup. She also recently told me that she's been bulemic for about 10 years. All because her dad has made fun of our appearances our entire lives.
All three of us have been off and on anti-depressants for years. I believe we've all sought mental health counseling at various points. Step-dad doesn't seem to give a crap how his behavior affects others.
I will note that it isn't bad all the time and that he has reliably provided for us even with his drinking problem. He has done a lot of kind and thoughtful things and supported us in our endeavors over the years, but the drinking has had a profoundly negative impact on us and I don't think he will ever believe that it has anything to do with his addict behavior. 
I ended up getting stuck living with mom and step-dad because I moved back across the country a month before the pandemic started. I've been with them for 2 years and it is just destroying my mental health. I'm all set up to move out in January, thank goodness.
I just needed to vent and talk to other people who understand and can see through the BS.