My mom seems to have started drinking again after a period of sobriety
First time poster. I tried to keep it brief but this ended up being so long. Thank you for anyone if you manage to read it through.

I'm pretty sure she's been a heavy drinker and had poor emotional skills all her life but ever since me (F25) and my little brother (M23) started elementary school she gradually begun drinking more and more. She has always been those alcoholics that pride work ethic over everything else and that resulted in benders sometimes what felt like every weekend, ending in her sobbing and wallowing in hungover self pity on Sunday to sober up for Monday. This often involved us kids, even as young as 9 and 7, having to console her, tell her how good of a mom she was and listen to her suicidal thoughts. Nice, right? 

For years my dad stayed with her, tried to help and support her but she was absolutely not willing to admit she had a problem. Dad got fed up, met another woman and divorced her. He is still with the same lady which, good for him. I don't fault him at all for leaving my mother nor do I think it's my place to judge him for cheating on her.

After the divorce me and my brother, around 15 and 13 at the time, were staying at both our parents places a week at a time. Not ideal but it was the only way to make work. What followed was that mom saved her benders mostly for the weekends we weren't at hers which made things a bit easier for us. Aside from the occasional suprise visit to mom's to find her groggy on the floor from sleeping pills and alcohol (something she has always done, idk which pills but I guess she knows what she's doing because she hasn't died yet), things were alright.

After moving out (I still live in the same city but I moved out when I started uni, pretty common in my country) everything's been so much better. Even when she's sober, mom is snappy and honestly very tiring to be around with. I always had to have my guard up with her, after work she would always take out any frustration she had on her family members.

Fast forward to November 2019, we have settled into a pattern where we don't see each other that often and I avoid calling her on the weekends because she would answe the phone drunk. Out of the blue on a random Monday night I get a message on Facebook from an old friend of hers that now lives across the country. She tells me I should check on my mom because she has had some problems at work and that she sounded suicidal on the phone. I call her, completely unaware that anything might be going on, and she tells me she's taken all the pills she has and drunk wine with them. I call an ambulance and start getting worried calls and messages from her sisters because she has left them a similar suicidal message telling them that I can answer any questions they have. I can't cause I was just living my merry life, completely unaware why mom wants to end her life and what she might be going through at work.

Well, the attempt failed (I say it was a cry for attention more than an actual attempt) and she was let go from the ER the next morning. One of her sisters went over to her place - I had to call and get her to come because my mom demanded me I go there to console her which I thankfully was smart enough not to do to protect myself and my mental health. Together they talked and mom figured out she has to quit drinking.

She has, aside from a couple missteps, been sober for the past two years. Or so I had thought. She seemed to be doing better, had made new friends, went to AA as regularly as one can during a pandemic (didn't hit this part of my country very hard), had new hobbies and seemed to be in a better place mentally.

On Friday, yesterday, she called me multiple times at noon, which is uncommon because the both of us are at work at that time. I wondered if everything was alright and called her back. She answered but couldn't even talk in full sentences, was slurring her words etc. Me being naive I believed her saying that she hadn't drunk anything but that she had been talking her sleeping meds. This would explain the handful of times throughout the two years I'd called her to have her pick up the phone completely out of it. I had just been trusting that it's just that she's abusing her prescription meds and putting off talking about that subject with her.

However, her over the top lying is what got me worried. This woman who could not form full sentences kept insisting that she was just down with the flu and was, in fact, just leaving to go have herself tested for COVID. :D Sounded so much like the absurd lies of an alcoholic that I ended up calling my mom's sister who also said she had been worried but did not want to call me and worry me. Apparently my mom had been acting up to the sisters, telling them she wants to cut all ties because they are controlling her (i.e. calling her out on her bullshit when they had figured out she's likely drinking again).

Suddenly everything that has seemed off with mom these past weeks makes sense. Idk what the situation currently is, my aunts are now trying to talk to her to continue with sobriety but to me she seemed in denial and dismissive in what little interaction I had with her lately. Thanks to me having started therapy after the suicide attempt I am doing much better and am able to set boundaries better and handle a situation like this.

However, it is such a frustrating situation and it's so hard to understand what goes on inside the mind of an alcoholic. I wish she had just been a safe, trustworthy parent throughout our childhood and we could have a better relationship nowadays. Ever since I was a teenager, I felt I was more mature and i.e. arguing with her never was constructive in any way, it was like talking to a child who is throwing a fit. I love it that now that I'm in a relationship things can be talked and worked through instead of a shouting match that ends in me having to apologize for nothing. And there's countless of experiences like that. Currently I don't have much respect for my mom, I feel like she's a sad, small human being that is just too lost with her own issues and stuff from the past she has never had the means to handle. And that is very sad to have to admit.