Father has used with me since I was 11 and now won't talk to me anymore.
My father introduced me to crack cocaine when I was 11. Before that, my mother would give me liquor and benzos such as xanax due to not knowing how to handle me as a child with ADHD. They were both very young parents when I was born, being in their mid teens. At 12 I began prostituting to afford my new addiction - opioids. Originally I was mentally addicted to Dilaudid but after a year of abusing Dilaudid I became physically dependent and no longer had a choice but to keep opioids in my system at all times in order to prevent becoming severely dope sick. On my 16th birthday I discovered fentanyl and a few months later had my first fentanyl overdose which landed me in the hospital. My mother called DCF and they allowed her to abandon me. DCF didn't intervene at all, they didn't set me up with any safe place to go so from age 16--18 I was sleeping out of tents in the woods, underground bunkers and mainly at the pedophile's homes who I would "work" for. My father was still the only one there for me in terms of picking up the phone when I called. And to this day he's still the only relative I have who talks to me. He was never addicted to opioids until he offered for me to come to his house the other month and try helping me detox. He stole all the fentanyl I had on me and began doing it himself. I feel so guilty. And even worse, his wife, who used to like me alot and allow me to sleep over sometimes, found out that my father is now on dope and he told her where it came from..... Me. Now she hates me, he won't talk to me, were both heavily addicted and I'm all alone again at 20 years old with absolutely no friends or family whatsoever. I thought my father had my back forever and always.... I feel ashamed that I brought drugs with me over his house when he was trying to help me kick this habit.... I should've known better and realized that it wasn't going to work out. He told me to bring whatever fent I had left on me over to his house so he could throw it out/flush it and I was stupid enough to believe him. I'm all alone now. His wife won't even let him call me and if he does anyways it causes a HUGE fight between them and he gets thrown out of her house. I have no safe place to go anymore if something happens between me and my addicted boyfriend (whose even older than my father and we have NOT been getting along at all lately). There are no inpatient rehabs in my state that take state insurance who are accepting new patients due to covid so that's not an option and hasn't been an option for the past 4 months since I relapsed (I had one year clean on methadone maintenance). I love my dad and want him back in my life. What should I do??? This is all my fault and I don't know where to begin. I feel so shitty.