I feel so guilty and it’s eating me alive
When I (22F) was growing up, I didn’t know that my father was an alcoholic or an opioid abuser. I don’t even think my mother knew it when she married him. 

Since he was an addict and didn’t have his shit together, while mother was stone cold sober and worked a 9-5, they got a divorce. I really only saw my father on weekends and always knew he could spontaneously cancel. I probably should’ve guessed he was an addict when he never showed up to my sporting events or had to go “away” for work for months at a time. 

But he was a GOOD father in my eyes. When I came to see him, he wouldn’t drink in front of me and we always did fun stuff together. It was probably when I turned 14 or 15 that I realized he was an alcoholic. I would always notice liquor bottles in the trash can and sometimes would wake up in the middle of the night to him drunk. I confronted my mother and she told me the truth and how I should always be careful when I’m old enough to drink because alcoholism is hereditary. 

At 19, I was in college and trying to do better for myself. I had a lot of opportunities to drink and always declined because of that conversation my mother and I had at 15. My father on the other hand had spiraled for the last four years. My visits were almost nonexistent. When I did visit he would get drunk and would gaslight me really hard. He started to call and ask for money or would call and say he was checking into rehab. I just couldn’t take it anymore. I was so depressed and finally decided to cut off communication with him. 

November 20th, 2021 I get a call from the ICU. He had a heart attack (from alcohol and opioids) and was on life support. I was so scared to even walk in the room. I won’t go into details because it was really traumatizing, but he was on a ventilator and passed away while I was in the room. 

I can’t help but feel so guilty that I didn’t talk to him for around two years and didn’t get to see him before he passed away. I cry almost every night and I feel so sick to my stomach. Not sure if I should see a therapist or join a support group or something?