Feelings of worthlessness and betrayal.
TW for self harm, violence, and emotional abuse.

This sub can apparently have posts about 'otherwise dysfunctional caregivers.' My biological father was an alcoholic, but this post centers around my non-addicted but dysfunctional ex-stepfather. If I broke a rule, please let me know.

My stepfather entered my life when I was very little, when my biological father was too drunk to take care of me. He was my first real father figure; he gave me toys and presents and he made sure I was okay. I was too young to fully appreciate it then, but I felt safe around him. He was my dad. 

A few years into my stepfather and mother's marriage, however, things began to change. They started screaming at each other at the top of their lungs into the morning, and when I tried to stop them, I became the recieving end of the screams. My stepfather began to talk nonstop to me about how horrible my mother was, how, if I was a good daughter, I'd side with him. I rarely did, however, and when this happened, he'd humiliate me in front of my peers, give me the silent treatment, and call me all sorts of things. I remember once, he said I'm just like my mother, a cold, self-absorbed female who only lives to hurt people. I was thirteen. 

Oh, he broke down my confidence alright. When I was proud of my long hair, he told me it was ugly and that I had to cut it. When I refused, he did it himself. He forced me onto a roller coaster I was terrified of because he didn't want his friends to think he raised some sort of female sissy. I screamed the whole ride until my lungs burned and I wanted to die, and when it was over, he called me an embarassment. He called me a drama queen when I cried at movies or got scared. He would blow up over the smallest things; me saying I wasn't the biggest fan of a song he liked was enough for him to yell at me. I became a timid, frightened, and desperately polite person and turned to self-harm to deal with the emotional pain he wrought.

Eventually, my mother and stepfather seperated, and now, I haven't seen his face in a long time. He didn't leave that easy, though; he stole almost all of our already limited money, knowing this would cost me some life opportunities. He blew it on vacations, tech, and his new girlfriend. I didn't hear a thing from him for months until he offered me a gift (that, if he knew a single thing about me, he'd know I wouldn't be interested in). It sounds nice, but I know my stepfather. He was offering it to try and win my mother back. When I didn't accept, he insulted me and never spoke to me again.

To this day, I feel the impact of his abuse. I worry of him stalking me, killing me. I frequently have nightmares of him drowning me, chasing me with an axe, hanging me, the works. One of these nightmares was simply of him calling me, and no matter how many times I tried to turn my phone off, it ended with me actually answering the call and him saying he could see me through my curtains. It was enough to make me wake up and cry. I am scared of authority figures and expect betrayal. I'm paranoid of being manipulated.

So now, I can't help but think about it all and feel my organs slowly twist. My biological father betrayed me by choosing alcohol over his daughter. My stepfather saw me grow from a baby, and he found it so easy to toss me aside, to use me as a tool to manipulate my mother. I was worthless to him, and I know he never really loved me. I was betrayed by them both. I can't help but feel that there is something wrong with me. Worthless from birth, something to be used and then discarded. An object. Years later, the stab in my gut still feels fresh.