My dad is drinking again after my grandpa died. Is there anything I can do?
My father was acting suspicious last week when I passed by him. He jumped and look around all paranoid. I didn't even consider that he was hiding alcohol because I thought he stopped a few months ago. Then I saw a glass in his hand. He said he only bought the bottle just recently, which doesn't exactly make it any better if true because it's nearly gone now not even a week later (it's one of those 32 serving whiskey ones).

He's on a lot of medication for OCD and anxiety, including duloxetine. He doesn't tell his doctor or nurse practitioner about his drinking (well, I assume he doesn't. He does his NP appointments virtually, often in the same room as me, and he never says anything about it) and he often takes his meds sporadically, stopping them suddenly and then starting them again when my mother and I notice his behavior change.

Last night, my mother (who also has alcohol issues) tried talking to him about going to therapy. He ignored her at first and then got really defensive. He said he can stop if he wants and he's cut back to only a little bit every night. He said nothing to the idea of therapy. Keep in mind that he doesn't show emotions much, doesn't look at us when we confront him, and has trouble communicating with people (we think he may be on the spectrum).

This is the same way he always reacts. He gets mad and ignores us and denies it all. He says he won't buy it again and I end up finding a pile of empty bottles hidden somewhere. The lying really makes me mad but I know that it's not completely his fault. Heck, I lie about my eating disorder. I get it. But, I am worried about him. I'm worried about the alcohol + med interaction. I'm worried about the side effects of drinking on them. My mother and I are going out of town today and I'm scared that he will drink heavily and some crisis will happen.

My mother says that he will never get help if he's forced or pushed. He hates being told what to do and he has to get used to the idea...but we've been trying to get him to stop drinking and go to therapy for all of his adult life. I don't think that approach is working. She says he'll talk to him again, but nothing will come of it.

I don't think there's an answer here, but I just feel helpless. His drinking also impacts me because I used to do drugs and for some reason seeing him drink "triggers" me. It's also destroyed my ability to trust people, in general. I feel paranoid but they've also lied to me since I was a kid about drinking so how am I supposed to trust them?! My mother says she isn't going to buy wine anymore but she's said that before so I don't even trust her. It's so difficult.