Getting your housing and job situation together as part of your healing?
Tl;Dr: trying to process whether leaving my local area and support system of 18 years is worth it to have more stable housing and finances. I'm in California.  
  
Hi, everyone. I think someone posted a similar question recently, or it could have been in r/cptsd, and it got me thinking about my own situation and wanting to hear more. Was getting your housing, job, and financial situation together a big part of your healing? What about the community around you?
  
I've spent my whole adult life -- roughly the past 20 years -- in a very high rent part of California. I'm an artist and art teacher. I've lived in lots of bohemian crappy apartments, some with major problems, and with a fair amount of housing upheaval. 
  
I've been working hard for the past couple of years to stabilize my career and finances after many many years of a kind of blindness about it. It was just normal for me to be poor and not meet my basic needs; it seemed selfish and superficial to me to care for myself on a material level; I lived in expensive cities where my way of life was normalized among creative people. But it was really starting to affect me. Last year I moved out of the city I'd been living in for 18 years to a lower rent, rural and beautiful area to stabilize my housing and because I wanted less noise/more nature. I'm about 3 hrs from my community, which is like my chosen family, and am trying to start over here. It's hard, but I can visit once or twice a month so I still feel connected. The thing is there aren't really safe/sane apartments in this area either, nothing anywhere near what I can afford, I think because California is just crazy now. I really try but I just can't find what seems like normal safe housing according to everyone else in other parts of the country. I've had problem after problem with predatory landlords here too, and while getting triggered by my housing every two seconds has provided much useful fodder for therapeutic work, I'm pretty tired. Buying a house here is completely out of the question unless you're a millionaire.  
  
I'm terrified to leave the state and the support system I have here, but I just don't see stable housing or finances in my future if I stay. I am starting to think owning my own (modest) home or having a non-problematic apartment might be a miracle for my mental health and cptsd after years and years of living in scary poverty situations. Have you had an experience like this? Did it help you? Was it a scary transition? I'd love to hear any shares or input or advice. Much love to this group and thanks for reading. 💛.
  
P.s. I love my career and don't want to change it. I can make enough to live normally in another area.