tomorrow will be 4 months since my mom died in front of me
I posted here 4 months ago when I was in the hospital. The time has gone by so quickly and so slowly at the same time. 4 months ago I forced my mom to go to the hospital after I noticed she was going through jaundice, even though at the time I didn't know what that meant. After sitting with her for about an hour she started becoming unaware of her surroundings. It did not happen slowly, it happened all at once. She didn't know where she was. She didn't know why people were putting needles into her veins every 5 seconds. She didn't know who I was.

I turned 22 last week. It was my first birthday without her and soon will be my first time watching my favorite christmas movies without her.

4 days later I started my fall semester of my senior year of college. I asked my professors for some time, some were kind about it, some weren't. I don't know how I did it but tomorrow will be my last exam and my semester will be over. I barely passed my classes. I used to be a 4.0 student.

The worst feeling in the world is the way that no one gets me. When someone hears that  your mom dies they feel sorry, but they don't feel sorry enough. I know it's a selfish feeling for wanting someone to understand the pain I went through, but at the same time is it selfish to just want to be understood? I don't want a "sorry for your loss". I want them to know that I sat by her while she screamed at me for 4 days because she thought I was a nurse. I want them to know that she used to be the best mom in the world before alcoholism came into her life. I want them to know about how she used to give me better advice than anyone I've ever met. That she was the smartest and kindest woman I've ever met. That I had to make the decision not to put her on life support and that I was the only one beside her when I watched her take her last breath and disappear.

I just want to feel understood and I feel like I'm living in a world of people who will never get me. I guess that's why I'm writing here, 4 months later. It might also have to do with the fact that I just drank an entire bottle of wine by myself in the bath tub and cried until I couldn't breathe.

I know it doesn't get better, so how are you supposed to deal with knowing that? How are you supposed to calm yourself from a panic attack when you know you'll have another one soon? How do you deal with the fact that you never got to tell her everything you wanted and you never got all the advice and wise words you deserved?

How do you deal with the fact that the most beautiful person you've ever known is gone because of alcohol? How do you manage the fear that you're going to end up right beside them?