I always knew she was an alcoholic but never how bad it was until she died
My mom was hit by a car three weeks ago. Before we knew she was dead, my brother, my dad and I all had the same reaction of "ah mom had too much again" which is a reaction I have massive guilt about even if it was warranted. Everyone who was at dinner with her said she wasn't acting drunk. They don't understand how drunk she had to be to show it though. It takes six weeks to get the toxicology report, so we won't know for sure for three more weeks.

My brother and I have talked many many times about her drinking. We sometimes wondered if we should talk to our dad who traveled for work and might not know how bad it was. Since she's died, he's opened up about how it was the only problem that plagued their marriage for decades. He found her stashes a year ago which she explained away and refused to be honest about their true use.

My mom always had a glass of wine in her hand. I stopped staying at their house when I was in town four years ago after a night when she hit the point of belligerent. I noticed her pouring wine out of another bottle than we were sharing that night. At the time, I thought she was just drinking faster than me and hiding it. Now I know the truth.

The stashes my dad found were all flavored vodkas and brandy. She was spiking her wine with liquor or filling empty bottles with it. That's why she had a secret bottle. That's how she could get so drunk so fast.  

I'm so fucking mad at her while still missing her immensely. She always talked so often about how in love with my dad she was yet she ignored his pleas for her to get help for 30 years. She treated me like a liar for my entire teenage years when she was the one lying the whole time. 

She was a highly functional alcoholic with a booming business, "happy" family and tons of people who cared for her. And she cared for people so much too. Over 200 people showed up for the memorial. 

How could she do so much good while being so blind to her own relationship ending addiction? I just can't wrap my head around it.