I’ve had a few good months, here is what has helped.
I have had agoraphobia for years at varying degrees. For the past several years I’ve had panic disorder on top of that. I have had a panic attack in pretty much any location you can think of and then avoided those places. I had the worst panic attack in years at Trader Joe’s a few months ago. Looking back it was kind of funny, I was about to check out and then just left my cart at the register, because I felt like I was going to faint and also my head was going to explode, and told the guy I had to go to the bathroom. When I came back they had bagged up my groceries and I paid, they didn’t even care. But after that I decided I would contact a hypnotherapist. It might sound like pseudoscience or spiritual, etc and not an actual solution, and I was very skeptical and a bit scared to do it, but it REALLY helped. I have tried CBT for many years, but I felt there was only so much it could do for an irrational phobia. So having a few sessions with a hypnotherapist who could sort of rewire my subconscious and amygdala, did more in a few weeks than I could do in a few years. My most feared and common symptom is the feeling of unreality or dissociation. I haven’t felt that even one time in over a month! It’s been great. It feels like I’m incapable of feeling it. I’ll be in places where I used to panic and I would start to dissociate and I’ll feel a little jolt but that’s it, it doesn’t last or take over my mind like it used to. It has really helped with doing exposures. I have been hesitant to do things, but each time I am surprised at how easy things are now. Last week I was staying with a relative a few hundred miles away for thanksgiving. I had to drive myself 50 miles on the LA freeways if I wanted to meet up with my best friend. I was nervous, but it went so well!! And when we met up we walked over 5 miles around a huge park. I was so happy with myself that day.

I also have been driving more, pretty much everyday and I went through a few job interviews and got a job last month. It is a really good feeling to feel proud after years of feeling down on myself. It doesn’t have to to take years though. Besides hypnotherapy, here are other things that have helped me and I wish I could go back in time to tell teenage me: The Dare app and book, created by Barry McDonagh who actually had debilitating anxiety, too often it is obvious when someone can’t relate, but he can. I am reading and filling out “The Agoraphobia Workbook”, by Dr.Pollard and Dr. Zuercher-White, it breaks down why we feel this way and steps to take to do exposures. I also recommend the Tapping Solution by Nick Ortner, there’s some YouTube videos of him and also an app that has a free trial and is $8 a month after that. I was skeptical of that as well, but it really helps to calm me down very quickly. I do sometimes take clonazepam, but I’ve gone from my default of taking 2 pills to taking a half or quarter of one and I would like to get down to never taking them eventually. There are still things I need to accomplish to feel like I am really recovered, like going on a long walk alone or driving over bridges, which would be really useful since I live in the Bay Area in California. For the first time in a long time I feel like I am moving in the right direction to feel in control again. Let me know if you have questions about literary anything.