It's so difficult
I've been agoraphobic for about 5 years now and have always been a more avoidant personality.  Only within the last 2-3 years have I realized the extent of my problem when I see all my friends doing things with ease that I couldn't imagine doing.

The last 2-3 years have been very hard, I feel so less than human and just trash.  It feels like everyone looks down upon me for not being able to do these things, not understanding the extent of my problem because no one really knows what agoraphobia is.  When I try to explain it to people close in my life I feel like I just receive discontent and dismissiveness.

At this point, I feel like I'm getting marginally better, but I'm so exhausted over the smallest things.  I'll go out to expose myself to the real world so I can get better, but I often get swamped with the immensity of my problem.  When I see other people my age taking on full-time jobs, shopping for themselves, going to appointments, paying all their bills, living on their own, it makes me feel exceedingly depressed.

I know what I need to do to get better, but I don't think I have the strength to do so.  I feel like I have no support system that can genuinley help me build confidence in myself to get better.  Everyone around me feels like they hardly understand and often think I'm faking it, or are just dismissive of it and brush it off as something meaningless.  When in reality most days I'm miserable and feel like I'll never get better all the while loathing myself for it.  I constantly feel like I've been emotionally hit by a truck and it's so miserable.

I don't see the point to life anymore, in order to get better I need to beat myself up for months on end giving myself panic after panic all the while being depressed that everyone else does this with ease?  And all this work is to just be a normal functioning person in society?  Why can't I be normal?  I just want to be looked at like a human being worthy of consideration not like a lazy, inept animal incapable of functioning in modern society who should be talked down to.