AITA for being "ungrateful" of the cake my boyfriend made me?
I(33f) have been dating a man, “Alex”(34m) for almost 3 years. Alex has a 13 year old daughter from a previous marriage that he has full custody of. 

When we met Alex was doing very well, he made 6 figures and he had a decent house in a fine neighborhood. I had a slightly lower paying job.  Almost a year and a half ago, his job had to cut some employees and he was one of them. He had to take on a job and he earned much less than he had before. 

I moved into their house 5 months ago. Since I moved in I have helped a lot with the bills, usually half or more of them. 

Yesterday was my birthday. I wanted to celebrate at a nice restaurant near us, however it was closed. There was another one a little closer to us, although it was more expensive. I suggested going there for my birthday to Alex, and he said that he couldn't afford to pay for dinner there and if we went we would need to split the bill. I was a little upset but he said he would make something himself. 

The cake I wanted was, admittedly, somewhat expensive. I pointed it out to him, and he said again that he didn't think he could afford it with Christmas coming up and we'd have to go half. I told him I wasn't paying for a cake for my own birthday, and he said he'd see what he could do. 

Well, yesterday came. He made dinner, and it was quite good, better than most meals we eat, although not as good as what it would be at a restaurant. However, when he brought the cake out it was just something he had made himself. 

He said he was sorry he couldn't afford the nicer cake but he had made this one and his daughter had helped. 

I pretended to enjoy it but after I told him that I was hoping for a slightly nicer cake. He said he had tried his best and he couldn't spend the money he had set aside for bills on a cake. 

I guess his daughter heard because now he's also saying that I made her upset after she helped make it. 

He keeps saying I should apologize to her and say that I really liked it. 

AITA?