AITA for not wanting a friend at my dinner get together because they only eat well done beef?
I know what you're all thinking, another well done steak AITA, but this one is different!

35M here. My friend Brandon (34M) was surfing YouTube and found a video for Gordon Ramsey's "Beef Wellington," and got intrigued.

For reference: Beef Wellington is a whole beef tenderloin wrapped in a puff pastry and baked in the oven, then sliced to serve multiple people. It's a pretty old school dish, but Gordon Ramsey made a viral video about it and it got popular again. It's also expensive ($100+) and pretty technical to make, so it's mostly popular as a video to drool over rather than something people make regularly.

Brandon knows I'm a hobby home cook and so he asked me about Beef Wellington. I said I was familiar with the dish because of YouTube, but I never attempted to make it before because it's pretty expensive.

Brandon said he was eager to try beef wellington, and he proposed a deal with me. He said he would pay for the ingredients if I'm willing to make it. I took him up on the offer on the caveat that there's a possibility it might not be perfect. We came up with a plan as follows: I would get the groceries the morning of and use the afternoon to make a beef wellington for 8 people at my home. Brandon and I would agree on 6 guests to join us for dinner. Invites were sent out well in advance. However, a few days before the dinner, one of the guests had to cancel.

My solution to this was that I would just cut the pieces a little thicker and we would just have a 7 person dinner. Brandon even agreed to this. However, the word got out in our friend group that there was an open seat. Two of our guests Kate and David (35 married couple), suggested they bring along our mutual friend Ava (34F). I said no to the suggestion.

We've known Ava for years. She's a great person and I have nothing against her. The thing is for this situation is that she doesn't eat beef with any pink. If it was burgers or steaks, I could just cook hers the way she likes it, but since a beef wellington is a roast, the whole thing is cooked the same.

They asked why I couldn't just make the whole thing well done. I said I myself wouldn't be willing to eat well done tenderloin and would rather just not cook than make that. I also said if I'm catering to anyone, it's Brandon because this meal is on his dime. They then asked why I couldn't just make Ava's portion well done. I tried to explain that it would be difficult to do that. I'd have to cut her piece, then take it back to the kitchen to cook it more after dinner had already started. This thing was going to take me hours to make. After I cut it, I'm sitting down and I'm eating.

Kate and David are now accusing me of being unaccommodating and excluding Ava, and saying I'm an asshole. What do you all think?