AITA for giving my husband the silent treatment?
I (30F) and my husband (30M) recently moved into this neighborhood in this small town and we’re not loving it. The whole town gives off extremely cult-ish vibes tbh. 

But we’re stuck here for a bit because of work so we’re sucking it up. 

Anyways, our neighbors are.. interesting. They’re super religious and very uptight. They give off extreme classist vibes and are just fake all around. They have around 6 children and the youngest is a boy around the age of 13 or 14. Let’s call him James. My husband and I often hear James playing guitar in his backyard almost everyday when his entire family is gone. We didn’t think much of it but he’s quite good.

Well, the other day, my husband was hanging out in the backyard when he found a sort of opening in the fence separating us and the neighbors and after further investigation he realized that James sneaks into our backyard and hides his guitar behind our shed. We know it’s his guitar because the both of us can’t play instruments and we’ve seen the kid with the guitar. James is a skinny kid so it’s definitely possible for him to get through the opening. 

My husband was really upset. He said that the thought of someone sneaking into our backyard gave him the creeps and he didn’t want the kid to do it anymore. I agree(d) but I also felt bad for James. I suggested we talk to James while his family was out and I was also planning on telling James to hand us the guitar when he wanted to hide it instead of sneaking into our yard. 

My husband got mad at this and said it wasn’t our responsibility to keep his guitar safe and that we needed to tell his parents so that they can keep him out of trouble. 

We were still discussing what to do but I got an important call from work so our convo ended as I had to leave. I assumed we’d talk later but my husband immediately went to our neighbor’s house and told the parents what happened. 

When I found out I was furious. Then it got worse when I noticed James crying in his backyard. I used to be that kid whose parents didn’t let her have any interests so I really felt for him. Ever since, I haven’t spoken to my husband unless it was regarding bills, food etc. 

He’s calling me childish and petty which fine but he made a decision with no regards for my opinion or for what might happen to the kid. I ignored him which made him more upset. I told my best friend what happened and she told me that she doesn’t agree with his approach but I should stop with the silent treatment. So I did but when I tried to talk about the situation with my husband, he said I needed to get over it. He’s getting the silent treatment again. 

So, Reddit, AITA for not talking to my husband?

Edit:

The situation regarding James and his life is extremely complex and is way above Reddit’s paygrade. I’m not going to go into too much detail regarding that. I’m asking if I was in the wrong for giving the silent treatment which I am starting to see that I am. Thanks.