AITA for kicking my dad and his wife out of my (technically their) house after they said they wanted to name their unborn twins after my deceased siblings?
Using a throwaway because my step siblings use Reddit. 

Some background: 

My (27f) younger brother, sister and mom passed away in an accident 8 years ago. My father (52m) and I used to be very close before this but we’ve drifted apart since then. I think some of it has to do with the fact I look a lot like my younger sister. She was always close to my dad and we would often joke she would take care of him when he got older. My father also isn’t really a “believer” in therapy and refuses to go. When I started going to therapy a few months after the accident, he said that I should be stronger and quote “stop giving people the satisfaction of seeing you weak”. 

He remarried two years ago, his new wife and I don’t get along. Some things she’s done include telling my father not to invite me to the wedding, telling him I was bullying her children because I refused to let them have an unsupervised party at my beach house and I also told them they can gtfo if they continued to treat the staff disrespectfully. Her kids were 18F and 17M at the time. When she married my dad she was also under the impression that the money he spent on her and the house he lived in was his (he never said it was, she just assumed). My mom left me a nice amount of money in her will and I used it to invest and also work in the tech field so I’m well off. However, considering my age I don’t think she was expecting this and I don’t think she was very pleased either. 

Onto the issue: 

At their gender reveal party (they are expecting a boy and a girl) my dad announced they will be naming the kids after my dead siblings. I’m shocked and I interrupt to tell him that naming the twins after my siblings is weird. His wife tells me to stop being jealous. At this point I’m pissed I ignore her and tell my dad that he would always stick up for me in the past yet let’s his wife belittle me now, how hurt I was he didn’t invite me to his wedding, how he never once said he was proud of me or even a thank you or I love you after I bought this house for him. And basically said that if my siblings were here they’d be disappointed in him and ashamed to call him dad since he’s been a pretty shitty one so far. My father told me to get out of his house and as I am about to leave his wife comes up to me and I kid you not says “don’t let the door hit your ass on the way out”. So I walk back in tell my dad that he and his wife had a month to leave my house. Well wife started crying, dad said I was pathetic and her family has been messaging me telling me to apologize. But my friends, and family on both my mom and dads side agree with me although they think I should let my dad stay and kick wife out however I want both out. I get that I acted a bit emotionally and I am starting to feel bad for stressing a pregnant women. So AITA?