AITA for hiding from my MIL and pretending not to be home
Using a throwaway because I have family who read this sub.

I (32F) had a baby eight weeks ago and since then my MIL has had a habit of popping by without calling first. I have anxiety at the best of times but it's a bit worse right now and when she comes over (particularly when my husband is at work and not there to mediate) I find her constant stream of advice and thinly-veiled criticism (example: looking intently at the floor while saying, "You must not have a vacuum cleaner. I'll bring one next time I'm over") to be just too much to handle. Both my husband and I have asked that she call before coming over but she brushes it off, saying that family shouldn't have to call. 

Last week I was having a rough day and was tired as the baby had been up in the night more than usual. I looked out the bedroom window to see my MIL walking through the front gate and I honestly wanted to cry. I'm not proud of it, but I sat on the floor of the bedroom ignoring the doorbell until she went away. I felt really bad after, because she doesn't drive and I knew it would have taken her a 20-minute bus ride to get to our house, just to have to turn around and go back. 

Apparently she called my husband at work to let him know that she'd tried to visit me, because he  called home to see if everything was okay and I told him she must have come while I was out with the baby for a walk, because I didn't want to admit that I had hidden from his mother. 

That evening when he got home he noticed that the baby's stroller was in the corner with the diaper bag in it, as he'd left it the previous day, so he figured out I hadn't taken the baby for a walk after all. I admitted that I hadn't answered the door for his mom even though I was home and he said that he knows she can be difficult, but that it was still an AH move to make her spend 40 minutes on transit to not even see me or her grandchild. He brought it up a couple of times over the holidays (just to me - he didn't tell her) and now I feel like maybe I did something really awful.

Edit: I know this isn't an advice sub, but regardless the comments and messages I have received have been lovely and have really helped a lot. So thank you, so much.