AITA for putting over a hundred cockroaches in my parents bed?
I’m 16(f), so I live with my parents. I started having asthma symptoms a couple years ago but only when I was trying to sleep, I would be unable to breath. I’ve been brought to all sorts of specialists and put on various allergy drugs because the best they could tell us was that it must be an allergy. 

Around the same time that started I began seeing an occasional cockroach in my room. I would squish it and throw it out. Then the air coming from my vents started smelling musty. And I would see more and more cockroaches. I told my parents all of this and they are convinced there’s not a cockroach problem. I’ve been seeing about 15-20 cockroaches in my room (anytime of day/night) everyday for months. My parents keep telling me that I’m being dramatic, it’s just an occasional cockroach. I’ve done some research and supposedly cockroaches can cause respiratory problems. My parents refuse to call a bug exterminator person. 

I’m really tired of living with these things, I can hear them crawling in the walls of my room. They’re in my bed, I feel them crawl on me while I’m trying to go to sleep. And no, I don’t eat in my room. I used to have a bowl of soup in my room if was was sick at home, but I stopped because of the cockroaches since I don’t want to attract them. 

I started taking a photo of every one I killed and sending the picture to my parents. So again, 15-20 pictures a day. They got pissed I’m bothering them at work and that I’m sending a photo of the same dead cockroach over and over. Like literally they were going to ground me over winter break if kept doing it. So instead over this past week I’ve been keeping the dead ones a bag marked with the date and then the number of cockroach it was. There was 118 of them over 7 days. I dumped all the little bags on my parents bed (so the actual dead cockroaches didn’t touch their bed, just the bags).

My parents are LIVID. They’re arguing about what to do about me like I can hear them and in the meantime I’ve been sent to my room. I just really don’t know how to get across how uncomfortable I am constantly. These things are ALIVE when they’re in my bed. I really don’t know how else to make them see this is a problem, but this might have been the nuclear option and I could have just shown them the bags in my room. AITAH?

Update: my parents are going to get some stuff and traps for my room and the bathroom to kill the cockroaches. They also said I should use the bathroom on the other end of the house to take showers so it’s not humid in my bathroom. I’m not completely grounded but I’m not allowed to go to my friends house over break and I have increased chores for putting the bags on their bed because they said I could have just told them there’s a lot of cockroaches even though I’ve been doing that. They’re disappointed in me for overreacting so that’s why I have to stay home over break. All of my family lives in another state and they never come here and we’re rarely go there. I don’t really want to tell anyone because I’m scared for my parents because they’re otherwise good parents. I haven’t even really told my friend that much about the cockroaches because I know she would think it’s really gross. But they’re getting stuff to kill them now so they are at least doing something now.

Update 2: some info - they own the house, it’s a freestanding large home in a gated community, and my parents make a ton of money so unless they have secret debt then they’re fine financially. 

They sat me down to “talk about the issue further.” I told my dad about the Advion gel and he’s getting that. He’s also going to move the compost pile away from my wall and the AC thing to the far end of the yard and try and get the cockroaches out of the compost or otherwise get rid of the compost. He said that we will try this for a month and see how it goes. My mom said after talking they decided I’m un-semi-grounded and I can go to my friends house to hang out over break, but that I need to think about how I “escalate situations” and I should have talked to them instead. Then we all hugged and I asked my dad to stay so I could talk to him. I told him about how it’s upsetting to me that we can’t call an exterminator because they would know how to fix the cockroaches, and that it’s also upsetting because I don’t want him to be like grandma and also great grandma. I also brought up the asthma issues and that it’s actually hurting me physically too. I asked him to get help, because they even have like online therapists now so he doesn’t even have to leave the house because he hates that and with COVID he’s basically not left in over a year. He seemed to be really upset, like sad upset not mad at me, and just said that it shouldn’t be my problem to worry about him and he’ll “take care of it.” So idk how that really went but that’s what’s happening now.