AITA for ordering meals for my children when we go out with friends?
My husband and I have two children (19 and 17). We go out with our friends (two other couples) every other week and then on the weeks we do not go out with them, we have a date night and then a family dinner out. We always get separate checks, so each couple pays for their own food/drinks, we find it is just easier to do it that way.

On the weeks that we do not take the kids (or ask if they can come in the 19 y/o case since they work), we always have them look at the menu to see if they want us to order them something and bring it home. We have been doing this for the last five years since the kids were old enough to not need a baby sitter, and it has never been an issue, until now. The only time we do not order them anything is when we have plans after dinner, such as a concert or movie. 

A new couple joined our group for dinner, they are friends of another couple we go out with, and we had never met them prior to Saturday night. We decided on sushi for dinner, so we showed both kids the menu online and asked if they wanted us to pick them up something to bring home. They each decided on two rolls. At the end of our meal, my husband ordered the rolls for the kids and let the server know that they were for takeout and to put them on our check. The wife of the new couple got a little huffy and told us that it was rude of us to order more food when everyone was getting ready to leave, and basically said it was trashy of us to get doggie bags for our kids when none of the other couples had.

My husband told her that we do this all the time, and that if they wanted to leave, nothing is stopping them from doing that. The next day I got a text from my friends saying that this new couple did not enjoy going out with us, and that we embarrassed them (the new couple, not our friends) at the restaurant by ordering takeout food for our children. 

I asked my friend if she had a problem with us doing that as they had never said anything to us before, and she said no, but she does not want fighting within the group so she asked that we not order takeout anymore for the kids if this other couple was going to be dining with us. I told my friend that it was rude to ask us not to do this, especially considering that we have always done it without issue, and that maybe we just did not need to go with them when they dined with this other couple since they did not like being around us.

AITA for ordering takeout food for our kids when we dine out with our friends?