AITA for asking my neighbour to move her craft room to a different bedroom
My husband and I live in an upstairs 3 bedroom flat and the flat below us is the same lay out. The house has been for sale for awhile and recently a woman bought it. It turns out she doesn't have any children so I found it strange she bought a 3 bedroom house but I soon found out it's because she runs a craft business from home and needs 2 bedrooms to run it. The problem is unfortunately she has decided to use to main bedroom, which is below us as her main craft room. 

At first it was fine as she hadn't fully moved in but now it's driving me crazy. She's in that room almost all day and I can hear her walking about and the faint noise of machines. I don't spend long in my bedroom during the day but when I do go in it just annoys me knowing she's there constantly. Like why can't she have picked the smaller bedrooms since she knows the kids are at school all day? She always stops using her embroidery and sewing machines by 7pm but she's told me she can sit up until 10pm some nights finishing off orders which plays on my mind. I go to bed at 9pm and I can't sleep for hours as I lie there listening for her every move. Just knowing she's awake and walking about drives me crazy as I find it so selfish someone would buy a flat and work from home. 

My husband says he can barely hear a thing during the day and I need to calm down. He also doesn't see the big deal about her using her house as she pleases. Yesterday I finally had enough and went to her door. I told her how I was feeling about everything and how I can hear the faint noise of her machines. She apologized and invited me inside to show me her set up. All her machines are on some sort of anti vibration padding to stop as much noise as possible so she claims the noise should be minimal and that you need to expect some noise from neighbours. I told her I don't make any noise and that's when things took a turn as she said she can hear my kids running around and jumping off furniture all evening but she would never dream of complaining because it's just one of those things when you share a building with other people. I left before I said anything else I regretted and I thought that was the end of it but today my husband came home from working overnight and asked if I had said anything to the woman downstairs as she was very cold and blunt with him when he said hello. I told him what happened and he said I'm a massive asshole. I've spoken to a couple of my friends who think I've handled this completely wrong and I'm a bit of an asshole for it but I don't see what else I could have done