AITA for eating at my boyfriends families Christmas dinner?
Throwaway just to be safe

As a child whenever I was invited at peoples houses my mom told me it was etiquette to eat the food they made. She would always tell me to put a considerable amount and eat all of it since it would be rude not too. First she said it would be wasting food and second it would seem as if I didn't enjoy the food, which is mean since a lot of effort was put into making it. I've always followed this rule and thought it was true. If I cooked a buttload of food and no one ate I'd be heartbroken.

My boyfriend of 7 months invited me to his family Christmas dinner. I've met his parents very briefly but nothing too formal. Anyway we get to the food and I was pretty hungry and everything looked really amazing. I made sure to fill my plate (but not over fill just equal amounts of everything on the table) I ate it all and to be honest was pretty stuffed. His mother then asked me if I wanted seconds (there was still a lot of food on the table) I took her up on the offer and put a bit more of the pasta salad. My boyfriend did give me a strange look but I thought nothing of it at the time.

Dessert comes and I chose to eat a slice of cheesecake. We then had coffee all sitting around the fire and telling funny stories. Everyone seemed like in a very good mood and everything was great!

After everything I was honestly so happy, because I was worried about dinner and meeting his parents, but I thought that everything went well. We left his parents house in separate cars as I came directly from my parents house to him.

We reach my apartment and I can tell he is totally pissed off. I asked him what was wrong and he just blew up in my face that I had no manners. Telling me that he had never seen me eat as much as I did at his parents house, and that it was so embarrassing. After further prying he said that in his culture when you eat a lot at a person house it is disrespectful because you should never go to a house on an empty stomach. He said it makes a person look desperate and there is a language  barrier between me and him and he said in away fat... but not fat (honestly I did not understand).

He said on the car ride home his mom was talking about how embarrassing and unmannered I was to eat so much. I told him that she told me to put seconds and he said thats done to be a good hostess but a guest should never take up on that offer. He said it would have been fine if I had declined dessert but because I had not down that I looked even more "fat".

I explained to him my reasoning and he called that bullshit. I honestly feel terrible but told him if he explained to me beforehand I wouldnt have eaten so much. But he said he thought it was common knowledge. Its been two days and neither of will really talk until the other apologizes. I know its petty to not apologize but I sincerely dont think I did anything wrong. But i guess thats why I'm here.

Edit: I've been debating on whether revealing where my boyfriend is from. I do not want to put any disrespect on his culture, or receive offense comments from where he is from. But I have been receiving a lot of comments so his whole family is Arab (I am Mexican). But I am not saying all arabs follow this rule (really I do not know) so please refrain from anything hateful