AITA for not giving my babies ‘normal’ names?
No need to answer now. Continue to scroll.














I’m 24f and my fiancé is 27m. We’re currently expecting twin boys after trying for a year. We’ve never been more happy.

My family are non-religious and his are practicing catholics. He is not. I’m 7 months along and his family are asking what we’re thinking of naming them. We’ve already decided on their names. Phoenix Grey and Griffin Dean.

We’ve never been ones for the run of the mill names. My name is out of the ordinary and my fiancé goes by his middle name Cassius. The idea of calling our children, not that these names are wrong or bad, Daniel or Thomas or Samuel doesn’t sit right with us. It isn’t us.

My in laws are furious. One: because they’re not traditional names, two: do not bare any affiliation to family members; my fiancé is named after his grandfather, his sister is named after his aunt etc, and three: because they’re mythical creatures from other cultures. That is apparently what they dislike the most. But we really love the names. We already have a girls name picked out too, Valkyrie Lee to pay homage to my Danish grandparents that cared for me when I was a teen. We actually came up with this name before I even got pregnant. We like that all the names match in that they are powerful beings that can fly. We want to make our children feel powerful too.

My FIL says to use them as middle names and give them family names as first names but we are already in love with the full names we’ve given them. We’ve even started calling them by them and bought embroidered blankets and clothes.

As these are the first babies of both families, my MIL thinks I’m being selfish by not giving them traditional family names and that not doing so will set a bad precedent for the others. 

Am I being too stubborn?

Edit: People are bullied for all kinds of reasons. Hair. Eyes. Glasses. Braces. Style. Foot size. Ears. Biting fingernails. Makeup. No makeup. Fat. Thin. Short. Tall. Rich. Poor. Being called Phoenix or Griffin may not be as common as Sophie or Max, but they’re not bully worthy. Also, I didn’t ask if you liked the names just about the concept. Don’t judge us by American standards because we’re not American.

Many people with all three of these names have messaged me privately and I’m sure I am not the asshole now. Thank all of you nice and respectful people. No need to give your opinions now.