AITA telling my ex's daughter the truth about why I can't see her anymore
My ex, Cara , has a sweet, amazing daughter, Layla. I've been in Layla's life since she was 5 (now 14). We've always gotten along super well, and were ridiculously close. Layla has never met her biological father, but considers me her father, and calls me dad. I consider her my daughter.

 My ex and I planned to have more children together. Though when we were at least 30 and financially stable. Despite waiting and protection we got a false positive about 2 years ago, when we hadn't started trying yet. About a month after this Cara realised she didn't want any more children. We tried to work it out, but just couldn't because I wanted more children, while Cara didn't. Despite trying to figure it out and marriage counselling, we broke up four months ago. 

However, there was a major issue, Layla. I was legally just the mother's ex-boyfriend. My lawyer told me I have no rights to see Layla if Cara disapproves. And Cara took our separation hard. She feels I'm choosing blood over her and Layla (not it at all) and won't let me see her. I've missed them both so much, and not seeing Layla is killing me. But just giving in and going back is a bad idea, according to my therapist anyway.

This is the context to the actual event. Last month Layla showed up at my work all upset, she even skipped school to see me. She was hoping I'd come to see her and felt betrayed that i hadn't. I took her back to school and we talked. She felt abandoned, that her dad (me) didnt love or want her. I ended up telling her the truth. That I love her more than anything, and she'll always be my daughter even if I can't see her. Where I may have crossed the line is explaining how I legally cannot see her anymore without Cara's ok. And that if Cara changes her mind, I'll happily involved in her life. She seemed happier when I dropped her off, but it didn't end well.

A week later Cara called me furious. Apparently Layla had been trying to convince her to let me see her, or even take me back (I didn't ask her to, and did NOT say I wanted Cara back). Since I talked to her apparently she's refused to listen to her mother and been extremely rude and cruel. Layla is basically acting out until Cara lets me see her. Cara wants me to talk to her and end it. As I said to her, I'm happy to tell Layla to stop and be good, but I'm not going to tell her I don't want to see her. 

My parents think I'm being unnecessarily cruel to Layla. They say I'm being unfair by involving her in matters between me and Cara, and that for now I should listen to Cara and just end things. My friends have basically said they understand why I'm acting this way, but I shouldn't have given Layla 'false hope'.

I honestly just didn't want her to think I abandoned her or hated her. I love her more than anything. Clearly it hasn't gone well but I just hate the idea of lying to Layla about how I feel. Because I do want to be there for her. But maybe it was just cruel and selfish like everyone is saying. AITA

Edit: from a few messages I've seen since waking up, I think I didn't explain our relationship clear enough. We never married because we just didn't want marriage. It is a regret in retrospect, but we, especially Cara, don't really believe in the idea of marriage. Our break up was difficult. Neither of us really wanted to break up, even though we understood that we weren't compatible anymore. It did come down to me following through and ending it, but Cara did know it was coming. I did NOT blame the break up itself on Cara. We haven't told Layla the specific issue (children), but she knows that I ended it. She also is aware that it is a mutual problem, and I have never acted like it's Cara's fault we aren't together, just me not visiting.

Also, I'd be happy to contribute to Layla financially as well as physically/emotionally. I have been all this time. Cara just isn't letting me. 

Edit again: Adoption just never came up honestly. I've been her dad, and everyone knows it. We just never thought about making it legal honestly. Dumb, I know now, but I just never thought of it since our relationship was real to me.

Our counselling did discuss Layla, but while Cara was upset, we originally thought about having it relatively split, like I see her a day or 2 a week. I obviously would want 50/50, but she wasn't ok with that. Then when the split actually occured it was really hard on Cara and she apparently decided different.

Also, I did say already but it's not about blood. I literally just want a big family and multiple children. Not about blood or being biological. I'd be happy if we adopted, but Cara wants no other children whatsoever.