AITA for telling my boyfriend that he should’ve covered up his tattoos if he wanted ANY respect from my family?
My bf and I have been together for almost 2 years. We’re polar opposites but managed to work through our differences in the past. For some context: he’s almost 90% tattooed (up to his neck) and comes from a difficult background to put it *mildly*. Today he’s employed and doing well for himself but his upbringing was quite rough. I wouldn’t describe myself as “posh” at all but I come from a family where image, looks and your accomplishments matter. However I’d say I’m a little more casual than them. 

A few months ago I finally got the courage to introduce him to my family. This was a HUGE deal to me and I told him that first impressions would make or break everything. I told him that he will cover his tattoos - no ifs, ands or buts - because my parents are super old fashioned. I bought him an outfit for the night to ensure he’d look presentable and classy. 

We had a practice run and I told him what he should or shouldn’t say, how to talk, how to address any of my dad’s concerns etc. At no point did he ever show any enthusiasm so that was a bad sign. 

Fast forward to the dinner. It was an absolute DISASTER. Yes my parents and sister were a little critical but they’re like that with any guy I date. My bf was so pissed that he purposely unbuttoned the top of his shirt so you could see his tatted neck. Of course that offended my parents and a huge argument ensued. Not only were they telling him that he’s not good enough for me, they were telling me how disappointed they are. It was a nightmare. 

To make it worse my bf told them that I like his tattoos (which I do but he was just adding fuel to the fire) and that it didn’t matter what they think. They told him to leave. 

It goes without saying that my parents have 0 respect for him now. It was already difficult to convince them that he’s much sweeter than he may appear. My mom has been hysterical and asking why I’m having “intimate relations” with someone who looks like they belong in prison(he’s not a criminal!). I have been guilt tripped and made to feel like complete shit all because he chose to wreak havoc. 

A couple of days ago we were arguing and I told him that he should’ve hid his tattoos if he wanted any respect from people like my family. He was hurt and said that it’s fucked up that I want him to change to gain respect from them. He even claimed that I’m obviously embarrassed to be associated with him and not even worthy of respect in his eyes. None of that is true, just saying. 

After that argument we haven’t talked much. 

So am I the asshole for telling my bf that he should’ve covered his tattoos if he wanted to establish a level of respect my parents could work from? It’s not that they bother *me* (I think he’s crazy attractive, tattoos or not) but he knew that my parents would freak out.

Edit: the amount of women dm’ing me that they’re single and asking if I’ve broken up with him yet is pathetic. it wasn’t funny the first time and it isn’t funny now. Also I think mods can lock this post now.