Update: AITA for ruining my future SIL's wedding to be?
Hello! I decided to post an update to my original post.

https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/r6uvh0/aita_for_ruining_my_future_sils_wedding_to_be/?sort=new

After my bf and my brother had their gaming night, my bf called me over to our gaming room and we talked to my brother. We told him we both loved him but decided to not attend the wedding. My brother was obviously upset, until I followed the advice of many of you guys and showed my brother's my FSIL's texts.

To say he was livid was an understatement, he actually called up my SIL in front of us and demanded that she apologize to both me and my bf. She did, but defended what she did and explained her reasons to my brother (the same reasons she gave me when I first confronted her). He tried to argue with her but she told him that she'd talk to him once he came back home and hung up.

It took some time, but my bf was able to calm him down and we talked about everything. He told us he completely understands if we decided not to attend, and that he would never hold it against us, even though he would love for us to attend. He told us he would never want us to degrade ourselves just for his fiancé's "hapiness".  He ended up spending the night at our house because I didn't want him driving when this upset. In the end we couldn't sleep and we talked almost all night. He told me that he sees my SIL in a new light now, since he feels like her family will have too much power over their relationship, Our mother knows that she doesn't have that kind of power over us, but he's scared that his MIL would try to control his future wife. In the end he told me that maybe he didn't want to attend his own wedding. I told him to get some rest and to really think about it before doing anything reckless. He slept until 1 pm and then went back home. We  got a text a few days later telling us the wedding was officially on a hiatus and that my brother and his fiancé are on a break. We told him that he could move in with us for now, if he needed space from his fiancé and he agreed. In the end both my bf and my brother told me I did the right thing by showing him the texts, because he deserved to know who he was about to marry.

Thank you to all who helped me with this difficult situation, and I hope you appreciate the update.


Edit: holy shitttt. Thanks for all the comments. I did not expect this to blow up that much! I'll try to read every comment and reply to the most I can! 😅 Thank you for all the love 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈