AITA for telling my daughter and grandkids to leave the night before Christmas Eve?
My eldest daughter has had a very snotty attitude towards me ever since she had her first child, just over 10 years ago. She was convinced from the start she knows exactly what she’s doing, and needs no help.

I learned quickly to keep unsolicited commentary to myself. Except to me, it’s a different story when they’re under my roof. I don’t think the rules should have to change to accommodate her &amp; the grandkids. 

For example, this is the same house my kids grew up in. I’ve had the same rule since before they were all born: no shoes on the carpet. And yet, my daughter tells her children, right in front of me as I’m encouraging them to take their shoes off, to ignore me and go ahead inside. I put my arm out to stop one of the grandkids and said no, that’s not how we’re doing this. My daughter dramatically huffed &amp; puffed but finally went along with it.

Until the next day. We have a good amount of snow on the ground here so of course the kids went out to enjoy that. So imagine my shock when I hear the front door and find my eldest grandchild, 10 years old, on the couch with his snowy, muddy, dripping boots and muddy prints all across the carpet. I was SO angry. Is he not old enough to know better??? I told him to go back out right now and take them off and then he can help me clean the prints. 

He actually apologized and was agreeable, but then his mom came in while we were cleaning and got mad. Her child had no business scrubbing floors and “handling cleaning products” (it was spot remover and he had gloves). I told her she had made it acceptable for him to disrespect my rules and this was the result. She mumbled something under her breath and left.

The last straw came last night. We were all watching a movie together when the 8 year old went to the bathroom and about 30 minutes later, I realized he hadn’t returned. I went to check on him and found he had ruined half of our Christmas Eve dinner that I had prepared in advance. He says he’d accidentally dropped the stuffing (which he’d poorly cleaned up, half was on the floor and half was in the trash can) and then his “snack” consisted of most of the mac &amp; cheese and yams. We’d just had dinner 3 hours ago. 

I was so upset I was almost in tears. I just sent him to the guest room he’s staying in and told my daughter to look at what he did. What did she take away from it? That I sent him to his room. She, as always, reminded me that I’m not his parent and have no right to tell him what to do. I said someone needed to because he’d just single handedly ruined our holiday dinner and it was ridiculous. She snapped and told me I’m “an old hag trying to stay relevant.” I refused to tolerate any more disrespect and told her to leave, so she and the kids packed up, 8 o’clock at night, and left.

Now here we are, Christmas Eve morning, in an empty house. My husband is angry with me for causing them to leave and says it’s just a few days, I should’ve let it go.

Is he right? I do wish the kids were still here.