AITA for snapping when I found out that a guy saw my girlfriend naked?
My(25M) girl Lydia(23F), lives with a roommate who has a boyfriend, Jeff. We gathered at their place last friday for pizza. After a while Jeff asks Lydia if she is still scared of being here alone the nights the roommate goes over to his place and I can't come. Lydia has always had trouble with being alone at night and most nights I stay on facetime with her till she falls asleep so she feels safer. The roommate laughs and says that if she hears a noise in the bathroom at least it will be a ghost and not her locked in passed out. Lydia just mouths "explain later" to me.

When we get to Lydia's room I ask her to explain and she tells me that this afternoon she wasn't feeling good and ended up fainting in the shower, so Jeff had to break to door to roommate get in and help her. She said that she already felt better and didn't wanted to tell me because I was going to be worried about nothing. I said that it wasn't nothing if she had fainted and that I should be aware of these things to help her. She said that now it would be just a funny story about how Jeff broke the door and roommate had to cover her with a towel so they could come to the rescue of her naked body.

That moment I saw red. I asked if Jeff had seen her naked and she said she couldn't be sure since she was unconscious but roommate said that he stood out of the bathroom until she was covered. I asked if Lydia thought it was fair to me not to know that another guy had seen her naked and she said he didn't actually saw her naked and that it shouldn't matter since he was only helping. I shouted that she just said that she was unconscious and couldn't know if he saw her. She told me to be quiet or they would hear me and I shouted that I didn't care, that a man just saw my gf body's and I had a right to be mad. Jeff and roommate come in then and explain that he never saw anything, he just broke the lock and waited outside until roommate gave him a clear. I said that I didn't believe him and roommate jumped to his defense saying she was right there making sure the situation wasn't embarrassing so they could take proper care of Lydia without her felling weird. I said that if she was a cuckold I wouldn't be. Jeff then shouted at me saying I should respect his girlfriend and mine, who had spent a whole day saying that she was fine but still looked a bit pale. He said that he only did it because he cared about Lydia, that I was an asshole who didn't deserve any type of help. Hearing him say he cared about her was it for me, I left without as much as looking at Lydia as she begged not to go.

Over the weekend Lydia had to be admitted to a hospital as she didn't felt good again and Jeff and roommate prohibited me from seeing her, saying I didn't deserve her. Obviously the whole hospital thing sucks and I wish I was there for her but I still think I was right. At this point I'm not mad at Lydia anymore, just at Jeff.

EDIT: They agreed to let me see Lydia upon her asking them to. She said it would be best for us to be away from each other for a while. She is feeling better and for what I heard she is anemic among other things but going home this week.