AITA for refusing to pay for dinner after my friend donated my stuffed animals?
My (18F) friend (18M) was in my dorm room with me and went over to my bed, which has my stuffed animals on it. He was like “whose stuffed animals are these?” I said they were mine obviously, and then he was incredulous and was like “You’re 18 years old. Why would you bring stuffed animals to college?” And I was like, “why wouldn’t I?”He said that’s something that should be on r/sadcringe, and there’s zero reason why an adult should have stuffed animals whatsoever. I was like “mind your own business. It’s not my fault your parents never gave you stuffed animals.”

So, it’s generally the norm for most people to have the door to their suite propped open almost 24/7. Some people close it in the middle of the night, and some don’t. I came back to the suite later and my roommate told me my friend had come in and taken all my stuffed animals off my bed “since I had asked him to.” I called my friend and asked “where the fuck are my stuffed animals?” He said he donated them to shelter right off-campus because they’re “for little girls, not adults” and kids should have them.

I was seeing red. My parents used to get me a stuffed animal as a souvenir every time we traveled to another country growing up. He literally donated hundreds of dollars worth of one-of-a-kind stuffed animals that I can only get from other countries. I went to the shelter and demanded all my stuffed animals back, and I got them back, and I told my other friends he’s sick in the head.

When we were eating dinner, they all took side because they said it’s “creepy for a grown ass woman to have stuffed animals.” I was originally paying for the whole dinner so we wouldn’t have to have separate checks, and they were going to Venmo me. After this happened, I decided to just pay for my food and leave, forcing them all to scramble figuring out how to pay.

AITA for deciding not to pay after they defended his theft of my stuffed animals?