I’m graduating from my masters program and no one cares
So I’m graduating with my Masters at the end of December, but I finish classes in a few days. I also graduated college class of 2020 and spent my graduating sitting on my couch crying because I was so sad. I decided to try to let it go, since i would be getting a second graduation in a year and a half and most others didn’t. Now, it is my graduation and nobody cares. My sister is getting married the first weekend of January, so all the focus is on the wedding. I’m happy for her, but this is quite possibly the biggest accomplishment of my life and I feel like this wedding is completely overshadowing it. My sister and I already have a weird relationship, so this wedding hasn’t been the thing Im ~the most~ excited for, but it is still important to her. On top of this, no one in my family has said anything to me at all about my graduation. Mind you, she had an undergrad graduation and a law school graduation that my family flew out for both times. Since no one in my family was doing anything, I decided to just go out with my friends on new years, since that is the day I am an official graduate. However, because of rising covid cases, I can’t even do that, and I don’t want to force my friends to change their plans. I haven’t been this depressed or anxious about something in years and i just don’t know what to do. I talked to my parents and they feel bad but there’s nothing to do. Anyway, thanks for reading if you got this far. Just needed to vent. 

TLDR- my sisters wedding is overshadowing my only graduation and it’s causing a lot of sadness and anxiety for me

Edit: I am blown away by the kindness of strangers who don’t even know me, but took the time to write something nice. Sending all of you virtual hugs❤️ I am so appreciative of all your kind words

Edit 2: WOW! Thank you all so much for your comments! I spent the past 2 days crying with horrible anxiety, but waking up seeing all your comments and kindness really turned my day around. I wanted to take the time to respond to everyone individually since you were all kind enough comment. If I happened to miss your comment, I apologize, but I am so grateful and appreciative of every single one of you❤️