semester is over but it’s caused a lot of trauma for me..
To preface, I have always had anxiety issues and didn’t have the greatest childhood due to an abusive father, emotionally abusive grandmother, also being bullied in school. I grew up extremely sensitive to when someone would scold me, I’d cry.

I had straight A’s in high school due to my work ethic. However I didn’t understand things as quickly as others and would often disassociate. Wouldn’t get good state test scores in science and math sometimes even English. 

I’m in grad school now for filming. I struggle with not being able to understand thought processes others have and executing projects I want to do. I also don’t have a vast vocabulary as others do in my classes. Even in college, I had a hard time performing as well as my other classmates, would always take this to heart as it became clearer professors loved the students with higher grades (saw them as more passionate). 

Other students (like 1 really) in my grad program seem to take issue with me not processing quickly and feeling low on my intelligence. This ends up in me missing details and being quiet because of it or not elaborating enough because I can’t think straight. They also just made me really nervous.

I started seeing a therapist to discuss issues with my anxiety (I suspected I had OCD, intrusive thoughts and compulsions really ran my life). I knew my anxiety messed with my learning ability. Also the fact that I always felt like I was in a haze, things usually didn’t make sense to me. People will repeat things once or twice, just because it makes me anxious that I still don’t understand, I say “yes I got it!”

I have always had an extremely low sense of self. I never felt I mattered and let people cross my boundaries all the time. I also was bullied growing up. 

As of now, it feels like the way I speak and present myself, people in my program seem to “look down” on me. But I know it could be projecting on my part (rejection sensitivity). But I’ve had sessions where professors seem to verbally and physically express they don’t like my work. I’m unsure of how to move from there.

But I realized the way I learn is by being mostly hands-on and somewhat visual. My memory is also much more spotty (due to stress of going back and forth from full time job to school). I’m just not an auditory learner whatsoever. So I guess that may affect how I communicate as well—people don’t understand me a lot of times because the concepts I try to explain are abstract. 

My therapist suspects I have ADHD and depression as well. 

I guess my question is, how do I start to build confidence in myself without having the same common intellectual grounding as others? Facing the fact that I may have a central processing issue…

I also recognized something: my father when I was growing up smoked around me. This caused ear infections and bronchitis, but didn’t affect my hearing. BUT I did read the effects can cause a processing disorder. 

I’ve been an ball of anxious energy since a child. It sucks.