Is it fair to say out certain social issues, Pope Francis's views on most economic and political issues are actually to the left of even many liberals in an American and Western context?
On certain social issues like abortion, euthanasia, contraception, etc it is well known that the Catholic Church is fairly traditional and conservative on those things. And the Pope has not changed Church doctrine on those things. However on many economic and political issues it would seem Francis would be to the left of most political leaders, including most liberals in an American and Western context. Part of this seems to be his background as a Latin American priest. And part of this is also demonstrated in many of the political leaders he has strong ties with. Some of the Pink Tide leaders in Latin America like Rafael Correa and Evo Morales. Bernie Sanders in America, Naomi Klein, Greta Thunberg and others. Here are some quotes to that lay out some of his views on social, political and economic issues globally: 

"The current financial crisis can make us overlook the fact that it originated in a profound human crisis: the denial of the primacy of the human person. We have created new idols. The worship of the ancient golden calf(Ex 32:1-35) has returned in a new and ruthless guise in the idolatry of money and the dictatorship of an impersonal economy lacking a truly human purpose"(The Joy of the Gospel, prg 55) 

"While the earnings of a minority are growing exponentially, so too is the gap separating the majority from the prosperity enjoyed by those happy few. This imbalance is the result of ideologies which defend the absolute autonomy of the marketplace and financial speculation. Consequently, they reject the right of states, charged with vigilance for the common good, to exercise any form of control. A new tyranny is thus born, invisible and often virtual, which unilaterally and relentlessly imposes its even own laws and rules. Debt and the accumulation of interest also make it difficult for countries to realize the potential of their own economies and keep citizens from enjoying their real purchasing power. To all this we can add widespread corruption and self serving tax evasion, which have taken on worldwide dimensions. The thirst for power and possessions knows no limit. In this system, which tends to devour everything which stands in the way of increased profits, whatever is fragile, like the environment, is defenseless before the interests of a deified market, which become the only rule"(The Joy of the Gospel, prg 56) 

"The poor and the poorer peoples are accused of violence, yet without equal opportunities, the different forms of aggression and conflict will find a fertile terrain for growth and eventually explode. When a society--whether local, national, or global--is willing to leave a part of itself on the fringes, no political programmes or resources spend on law enforcement or surveillance systems can indefinitely guarantee tranquility. This is not the case simply because inequality provokes a violent reaction from those excluded from the system, but because the socioeconomic system is unjust at its root"(The Joy of the Gospel, prg 59) 

"Inequality eventually engenders a violence which recourse to arms cannot and never will be able to resolve. This serves only to offer false hopes to those clamouring for heightened security, even though nowadays we know that weapons and violence, rather than providing solutions, create new and more serious conflicts. Some simply content themselves with blaming the poor and poorer countries themselves for their troubles; indulging in unwarranted generalisations, they claim that the solution is an 'education' that would tranquilize them, making them tame and harmless"(The Joy of the Gospel, prg 60) 

"Indeed to claim economic freedom while real conditions bar many people from actual access to it, and while possibilities for employment continue to shrink, is to practice double speak. Words like freedom, democracy or fraternity prove meaningless, for the fact is that only when our economic and social system no longer produces even a single victim, a single person cast aside, will we be able to celebrate the feast of universal fraternity"(Fratelli Tutti, prg 110)

"The market place, by itself, cannot resolve every problem, however much we are asked to believe this dogma of neoliberal faith. Whatever the challenge, this impoverished and repetitive school of thought always offers the same recipes. Neoliberalism simply reproduces itself by resorting to the magic theories of 'spill over' or 'trickle down' without using the name as the only solution to societal problems. There is little appreciation of the fact that the alleged 'spillover' does not resolve the inequality that gives rise to new forms of violence threatening the fabric of society"(Fratelli Tutti, prg 168) 

"War can easily be chosen by invoking all sorts of allegedly humanitarian, defensive or precautionary excuses and even resorting to manipulation of information. In recent decades every single war has been ostensibly 'justified'.....We can no longer think of war as a solution because its risks will probably always be greater than its supposed benefits. In view of this, it is very difficult nowadays to invoke the rational criteria elaborated in earlier centuries to speak of the possibility of a 'just war..Every war leaves our world worst than it was before. War is a failure of politics and of humanity, a shameful capitulation, a stinging defeat before the forces of evil. Let us no remained mired in theoretical discussions, but touch the wounded flesh of the victims. Let us look once more at all those civilians whose killing was considered 'collateral damage'. Let us ask the victims themselves. Let us think of the refugees and displaced, those who suffered the effects of atomic radiation or chemical attacks, the mothers who lost their children, and the boys and girls maimed or deprived of their childhood. Let us hear the true stories of these victims of violence, look at reality through their eyes, and listen with an d open heart to the stories they tell. In this way we will be able to grasp the abyss of evil at the heart of war. Nor will it trouble us to be deemed naive for choosing peace"(Fratelli Tutti, prgs 258/261)

"Fear and resentment can easily lead to viewing punishment in a vindictive and even cruel way, rather than as part of a process of healing and reintegration into society. Nowadays, in some political sectors and certain media, public and private violence and revenge are incited not only against those responsible for committing crimes, but also against those suspected, whether proven or not, of breaking the law....There is at times a tendency to deliberately fabricate enemies: stereotyped figures who represent all the characteristics that society perceives or interprets as threatening. The mechanisms that form these images are the same that allowed the spread of racist ideas in their time. This has made all the more dangerous the growing practice in some countries of resorting to preventive custody, imprisonment without trial, and especially the death penalty"(Fratelli Tutti, prg 266) 

"The arguments against the death penalty are numerous and well-known. The Church has rightly called attention to several of these, such as the possibility of judicial error and the use made of such punishment by totalitarian and dictatorial regimes as means of suppressing political dissidence or persecuting religious and cultural minorities, all victims whom the legislation of those regimes consider 'delinquents'. All Christians and people of good will are today called to work not only for the abolition of the death penalty, legal or illegal, in all its forms, but also to work for the improvement of prison conditions, out of respect for the human dignity of persons deprived of their freedom. I would link this to life imprisonment.....A life sentence is a secret death penalty"(Fratelli Tutti, prg 268) 

"I would like to stress the fact that, even though significant advances have been made in recognition of women's rights and their participation in the recognition of women's rights and their participation in public life....unacceptable customs still need to be eliminated. I think particularly of the shameful ill-treatment of women are subjected, domestic violence and various forms of enslavement which, rather than a show of masculine power, are craven acts of cowardice.....I think of the reprehensible genital mutilation of women practiced in some cultures, but also of their lack equal access to dignified work and roles in decision making...There are those who believe that many of today's problems have arisen because of feminine emancipation. This argument, however is not valid; it is false, untrue, a form of male chauvinism. The equal dignity of men and woman makes us rejoice to see old forms of discrimination disappear and within families there is a growing reciprocity. If certain forms of feminism have arisen which we must consider inadequate, we must nonetheless see in the women's movement the working of the Spirit for a clearer recognition of the dignity and rights of women"(Amoris Laetitia, prg 54) 

"A Church that is overly fearful and tied to its structures can be invariably critical of efforts to defend the rights of women and constantly point out the risks and the potential errors of those demands. Instead, a living Church can react by being attentive to the legitimate claims of those women who seek greater justice and equality. A living Church can look back on history and acknowledge a fair share of male authoritarianism, domination, various forms of enslavement, abuse and sexist violence"(Christus Vivit, prg 42) 

"We often hear it said that, with respect to relativism and the flaws of our present world, the situation of migrants, for example, is a lesser issue. Some Catholics consider it a secondary issue compared to the 'grave' bioethical questions(abortion). That a politician looking for votes might say such a thing is understandable, but not a Christian, for whom the only proper attitude is to stand in the shoes of those brothers and sisters of ours who risk their lives to offer a future to their children. Can we not realize that this is exactly what Jesus demands of us, when he tells us that in welcoming the strange we welcome him?"(Gaudete Exsultate, prg 102) 

"We need politicians who burn with the mission to secure for their people the three Ls of land, lodging and labor, as well as education and health care. That means politicians with broader horizons who can open new ways for the people to organise and express itself. It means politicians who serve the people rather than make use of them, who walk with those they represent, who carry with them the smell of the neighborhoods they serve. This kind of politics will be the best antidote to corruption in all its forms"(Let us Dream, pg 112) 

"We spoke earlier of narcissism.....It is the inability to see that we don't all have the same possibilities available to us. It is all too easy for someone to take an idea--in this case, for example, personal freedom--and turn it into an ideology, creating a prism through which they judge everything. You'll never find such people protesting the death of George Floyd, or joining a demonstration because there are shantytowns where children lack water or education, or because there are whole families who have lost their income. You wont find them protesting that the astonishing amounts spent on the arms trade could be used to feed the whole of the human race and school every child. On such matters they would never protest; they are incapable of moving outside of their own little world of interests....Sadly, we cannot ignore those in our Church fall into the same mindset. Some priests and laypeople have given a bad example, losing the sense of solidarity and fraternity with the rest of their brothers and sisters. They turned into a cultural battle(COVID) what was in truth an effort to ensure the protection of life"(Let us Dream, pg 27-28) 

"In the name of the people, \[certain forms of populism\] denies the proper participation of those who belong to the people, allowing a particular group to appoint itself the true interpreter of popular feeling. A people ceases to be a people and becomes an inert mass manipulated by a party or a demagogue. Dictatorships almost always begin this way: sowing fear in the hearts of the people, then offering to defend them from the object of their fear in exchange for denying them the power to determine their own future. For example, a fantasy of national-populism in countries with Christian majorities is its defense of 'Christian civilisation' from perceived enemies, whether Islam, Jews, the European Union, or the United Nations...The heart of Christianity is God's love for all peoples and our love for our neighbors, especially those in need. To reject a struggling migrant, whatever his or her religious belief, out of fear of diluting a 'Christian; culture is grotesquely to mispresent both Christianity and culture. Migrant is not a threat to Christianity expect in the minds of those who benefit from claiming this. To promote the Gospel and not welcome the strangers in need, not affirm their humanity as children of God, is to seek to encourage a culture that is Christian in name only, emptied of all that makes it distinctive" (Let us Dream, pg 118-119)

"In the name of God I ask all the great pharmaceutical laboratories to release the patents. Make a gesture of humanity and allow every country, every people, every human being, to have access to the vaccines. There are countries where only three or four per cent of the inhabitants have been vaccinated. In the name of God, I ask financial groups and international credit institutions to allow poor countries to assure “the basic needs of their people” and to cancel those debts that so often are contracted against the interests of those same peoples. In the name of God, I ask the great extractive industries -- mining, oil, forestry, real estate, agribusiness -- to stop destroying forests, wetlands and mountains, to stop polluting rivers and seas, to stop poisoning food and people. In the name of God, I ask the great food corporations to stop imposing monopolistic systems of production and distribution that inflate prices and end up withholding bread from the hungry. In the name of God, I ask arms manufacturers and dealers to completely stop their activity, because it foments violence and war, it contributes to those awful geopolitical games which cost millions of lives displaced and millions dead. In the name of God, I ask the technology giants to stop exploiting human weakness, people’s vulnerability, for the sake of profits without caring about the spread of hate speech, grooming, fake news, conspiracy theories, and political manipulation. In the name of God, I ask the telecommunications giants to ease access to educational material and connectivity for teachers via the internet so that poor children can be educated even under quarantine.In the name of God, I ask the media to stop the logic of post-truth, disinformation, defamation, slander and the unhealthy attraction to dirt and scandal, and to contribute to human fraternity and empathy with those who are most deeply damaged. In the name of God, I call on powerful countries to stop aggression, blockades and unilateral sanctions against any country anywhere on earth. No to neo-colonialism. Conflicts must be resolved in multilateral fora such as the United Nations. We have already seen how unilateral interventions, invasions and occupations end up; even if they are justified by noble motives and fine words. This system, with its relentless logic of profit, is escaping all human control. It is time to slow the locomotive down, an out-of-control locomotive hurtling towards the abyss. There is still time." (Speech to the Fourth World Meeting of Popular Movements) 

These were a long series of quotes, but based off what was posted would it be fair to say that outside of certain social issues as mentioned like abortion or birth control, that on most political and economic issues Pope Francis would be to the Left, probably further left that even many left wing politicians like Bernie Sanders?