Struggling with applying for jobs
I’m currently in the last year of my humanities PhD so I’ve begun applying for TT jobs and postdocs. I genuinely can’t tell if it’s the pandemic, or how getting covid messed with my brain, or if I’m just burnt out, or if I genuinely don’t want to do this anymore, but by the end of the application process I felt pretty apathetic about the whole thing. I’m tired of my dissertation project and just don’t know if I have what it takes to keep doing this sort of thing forever (if I even *can* considering how competitive the job market is). I am also not going to compromise to get that job; I’ve already decided long ago I would never take an adjunct position or one that would require me to move somewhere I don’t want to live. I know plenty of academics who do this but I’m not willing to give up my quality of life for a job.

Because of this I’ve also been looking into “alt” jobs (I know people hate this term but deal with it I guess because it wasn’t my intention to go to grad school for these jobs but I happened to find them along the way and think I’d be content doing them).

I found one working at a teaching and learning center that’s pretty close to where I currently live, decently paid, and sounds fulfilling (working with other faculty and grad students to help improve their teaching). Teaching was always my interest anyway as opposed to research, and I wanted to teach at the college level. But it seems more and more the more teaching focused positions are absolutely intense and unrealistically burdensome (I cannot even imagine a 5/5 teaching load but I’ve seen one!) I could barely handle teaching one class at a time while doing my other responsibilities.

I have a few issues with this job position though. For one, if I apply and get an interview I’m going to have to negotiate starting months later than they ask in the posting because I need to finish my PhD. Even if that works, the timing likely means I won’t hear back about the status of all my postdoc positions. They are super, super competitive and I couldn’t apply for many because my field is a bit niche, so I hate the thought of passing an appealing job by to wait and then not getting them. And I feel like it would be shitty to basically apply for a job and then if I get it, turn it down later if I end up getting a postdoc (or a TT job). But also why would I turn down a job for a postdoc (they are short-term appointments that don't even pay much)? I guess because I feel like the postdoc could lead to a better paying, more prestigious job? I'm not sure.

I also feel like since I’ve been training for A job that abandoning these for the possibility of B job is a bad idea since I don’t have a lot of direct experience with B job (my interests in A job have given me the skills and understanding of B job, though).

Any advice on this?