Seriously considering leaving a TT position. Please check my head.
I (USA/ MFA) am seriously considering leaving a TT position. I’m in my second year and I hate it. I accepted a 4-Year fixed term position overseas in 2020. Then I got a call from a small R3 in a fairly out of the way region. I have been conditioned to pursue TT for the past 10 years, includes graduate school. It really seemed like my ‘dream job’. The salary is decent (a 45% increase from my former position) with a *tiny* research stipend. I accepted the position at the R3 thinking it would provide stability, the opportunity to create community and I would finally be able to focus on my research rather than chasing this elusive Higher Ed unicorn. It’s just been a mess from day one. I began in the fall of 2020 (online as a result of ongoing COVID protocols). We then transitioned into something our institution is calling hyflex/ hybrid, a mixture of online and in person classes. And finally returned to campus in the fall of 2021. Faculty has been a nightmare (not uncommon in my experience). Students are all over the place. I’ve spent more time troubleshooting/ putting out personal-issue fires than really teaching or completing the research I have in the wings. Our department has seen a dramatic decrease in enrollment, something they were woefully unprepared for- even given the surprising elements introduced by a global pandemic. There are several key players in temporary/ at will positions including a dean with direct decision making influence, and a number of long time (as in, they all went to school at this institution- undergrad/ grad/ PhD) well- loved adjunct/ fixed term faculty and critical staff and grad students with a high turnover rate. Most of the ideas I’ve had as well as changes I’ve implemented have been destroyed upon arrival- leaving me with little motivation as we move into a heavy recruitment (required for ‘survival’) cycle. The town is tiny, it’s basically run by the university’s flex on being a residential school. All of this at the two-year mark of a global pandemic. And I think I’ve had it. 

I have a solid offer to move overseas and teach independently (outside of a university setting) and I’m at about 86% in accepting the offer. Am I insane?

Edit: Thanks so much for the feedback, you all are wonderful! I most likely knew what I was going to do, even before writing this but it’s nice to hear other perspectives. This is the first time I’ve ever used Reddit for something personal, and you did not disappoint. Thank you again :)