Would you continue in academia with extreme mental illness? Would you care if a cohort was mentally ill?
In a few days, I’m going into in-patient treatments for schizo-affective/schizophrenia. Right now, we’re still in the process of ruling out other reasons for my psychotic symptoms but it’s definitely within the psychotic disorder category. For a long time I wanted it to be psychotic depression or psychotic symptoms of something else. But my mood and outlook have improved dramatically since I’ve started therapy. And that therapy is already quite intensive with different sessions 2-4 days a week. Yet my psychotic symptoms are increasing. And idk. 

I’ve published a book, a few articles, helped jumpstart a lit magazine, worked on pedagogy and education research projects, and now I’m in the first year of a PhD program.

And it’s been one semester and I have to take a leave to get in-patient treatment. I may not even complete the semester because I didn’t submit any of my finals. They aren’t even readable (*Edit just for clarification: I have this paranoia that they aren’t my essays b/c I’m not the person I say I am. And that I’m about to be caught lying. But I’m not even gonna get into that. I’m paranoid but I can acknowledge that it’s ridiculous. But it’s getting harder to not instinctively hide, delete materials, withdraw submissions, run away for days.*) But believe it or not, this is the clearest I’ve felt in months so I can *finally* attempt to start fixing my finals material but with in-patient starting in 2 days I’m not sure.

Anyway, I am going to be there for a while and while I’m there…I have to really consider if I want to continue in academia. I really want too. I don’t want this illness to take away the one thing I’ve always wanted. And giving up would meet just letting that mental illness win. But at the same time, I wonder if it’s fair that cohorts and departments could have potential problems with me? Is it fair that I have students? 

I’ve never ever been violent or anything but I’m prone to just disappearing and suddenly talking very slowly and not making sense. Usually there’s exacerbated breathing in between and looking in different directions, but I’m not scary or anything. There’s a lot more going on but I just wanted to point out the external effects. And say that I’m not dangerous or even weird, you would just think I’m rude or not very bright. But I’ve never been medicated and maybe that will fix it. I want to clarify that I’m not an immediate threat.

I’m posting to ask what other academics would think about mentally I’ll scholars? Would you work with them? If you are mentally ill? How do you navigate? If you don’t mind me asking, what should I think about while in therapy?