Viva day horror, examiners never received my actual thesis!
So I went to a viva, only to realize my examiners (one internal, one external, one from industry) hadn't received my actual thesis. They have received a minor document (about 85 pages) instead, which was just a compilation of old reports I have written earlier on during my research. They're not supposed to be marked. 

For context, I did an Engineering Doctorate (EngD). In our center, the examination is based on a 45 min public presentation + 25 min Q/A. After that, you're called into a private viva, like a traditional Ph.D. My supervisor had told me it's one of the hardest, most demanding doctoral examination processes he has ever seen. 

On the viva date, the presentation went well. I rehearsed it many times, and it felt natural and comfortable. This was despite feeling a little unsettled after seeing the stone-cold faces of my examiners (it was held on MS teams). They were taking notes pretty frantically during my presentation, which was also unsettling. I think most of them later worked out they haven't received the correct documents (thesis) from the university, as the work presented did not match the documents they have received.  So later, the registrar of the University had told me how the University messed up in sending the correct documents, and they'll have to re-arrange the viva. My supervisor texted me later that day to apologize on behalf of the uni and told me my presentation was great. 

One month later I finally had my viva, which was yesterday. And it went really well and really fast (approx 1 hour 35 mins!). My examiners always maintained a happy grin on their face this time haha. I passed with very minor corrections. What's funny is that they didn't even pick out half the mistakes I had picked out when I was re-reading it! The corrections are mostly typos and further elaboration on some paragraphs (all in the lit review section). I was told my research was outstanding, which was unexpected. If there was ever the time of imposter syndrome, it was during my viva (and not in the beginning haha). I think like researchers, we often underestimate our work and contribution to knowledge