Is it defensible, on either philosophical or practical grounds, for the United States government to recognize its Creole ethnic groups as indigenous peoples, if their ethnogenesis predates the USA's founding?
In this post, I am using the word "Creole" to refer to the small multiracial tribes which formed in marginal hinterlands — deep forested mountains and marshlands typically — throughout the Americas during the XV~XIX centuries. They each tended to be composed of some mixture of Whites of marginal or low status in the colonies, runaway slaves (Maroons), some of whom never fully de-Africanized, and Native Americans. Sometimes there was a smattering of Middle Eastern, Romani, or Pacific Island ancestry as well, depending on the location along international trade routes. These small tribes tended to be unaware of each other, each speak a distinctive creole dialect, and keep a distinctive mixed set of traditions, both spiritual and secular. They tended to be illiterate and not formally schooled, with creole dialects that were entirely unwritten. They were universally feared and shunned by White colonists, and for the most part kept to themselves. Most of these creole communities were quite wary of outsiders until recently, and were endogamous after their initial formation. Most were never numerous, their settlements tending to range in population from a few hundred to tens of thousands at any given time.

Most such Creole peoples, as I call them, have both emic and etic names that are a corruption of some language's word for "mixed": Melungeons, Maroons, Cimmarons, Seminoles, Mixtis, Santees, Jackson Whites, Lumbees, Métis, and many more. I understand that the word *Creole* is controversial, and varies widely in its social acceptability throughout the Americas. But I have yet to encounter a preferred catch-all term for such groups of people, who are products of the Colonial Age. Please enlighten me if you know one.

I understand "indigenous people" to be defined thusly:
1. Their nation formed in land controlled by their state, and has continually inhabited this land since before their state's control of it.
2. There is no state officially dedicated to advancing their nation's interests.

Any nation of people emically or etically called "Native Americans" or "American Indians" fits the above definition beyond question. But so do a lot of these Creole peoples. Many of these Creole peoples, even those with little or no Native American genetic input, formed as distinct ethnic groups well before July 4, 1776, on land that became part of the United States of America that day. These peoples became American citizens that day, theoretically. But I think most members of these communities will report that no American government, local or federal, has ever done much for their communities, or agreed in writing to do much for them.

Here's where it gets interesting. Unbeknownst to many Americans today, including many historians, a lot of the unquestionably Native American ethnic groups, including those that have a long history of state and federal recognition, aren't all that old. Many of them are themselves products of the Colonial Age, and formed as a direct result of rifts and alliances in response to threats from European colonial settlers. Before their subjugation by the American government in the late 1800s, many Native American nations took in both runaway and freed Black slaves, as well as Whites who were disaffected with their communities, and chose to "go native", if you'll pardon the term. Whites who were socially on the margins of perceived "Whiteness": think Irish, Portuguese, Canary Islanders, Armenians, Jews and crypto-Jews, Romani, and Muslims and crypto-Muslims from Southern Europe, were overrepresented in these Whites who defected to the local Native American tribes. As well as just general misfits of all stripes. My point is, there is a fuzzy border between "Native American" peoples and "Creole" peoples. Both were clearly marginalized, and both were already there when the nation was born.

Some of the Creole peoples I named above have, in fact, received recognition, either federally or locally, as Indigenous Americans. Many have not, though. Is there any movement afoot to document all of these little nations of people, and write the protection of their cultures — all of them — into law? Why or why not?