Looking for honest advice on recovering from a huge mess up
I graduated with a double-major BA in Linguistics and German from a large T30 state school just before turning 24. I was burning out at the time and dealing with a number of mental health issues + family issues + relationship issues, but I ignored all of that and went on to a MA in Linguistics at a somewhat smaller school.

Unfortunately these issues really caught up with me, and after attending the MA program part-time for 3 semesters, I left with a couple Ws and a couple Fs, just before turning 26. I took a number of graduate level courses during my undergrad, and had done graduate level research during my undergrad. The work of the MA program was not at all a challenge for me, it was just terrible timing in my life and I completely fell apart. In retrospect I should've taken a year or 2 off before attempting the MA, but oh well.

I then spent about 2 years underemployed at a restaurant, seeking much needed treatment for anxiety, depression and ADHD. I left the restaurant halfway into 2020 and went on unemployment voluntarily, because although i did enjoy working in a kitchen, I was only there to stay busy and support myself while I worked out these issues. I did not see it as my career and it wasn't worth it for me to stay during COVID.

I took a bit of a downturn mentally at the beginning of unemployment, but I'm doing much, much better now than I was when I dropped out of the MA program.

Now I have moved across the country to live with my parents (who have finally started to settle down a little), and I am starting a BS in Computer Science in a week or so at a state school. This program should take me about 1.5-2 years because of my previous BA. I'm turning 30 the day before this program starts. My goal is to pursue a MS in either Computer Science or Computational Linguistics, and I still have hopes of following that into a relevant PhD.

My question is, is my previously failed attempt at an MA insurmountable? If I do well in this 2nd BS, will admissions overlook that screwed up MA attempt? I'm also very nervous about my age now, given that I probably wouldn't be able to finish a PhD until I'm 38 or 40 at least. I feel like I'm in a very difficult situation with all of this. I'd really appreciate any general advice or outlooks as well. I know that at the very least, a BS in computer science would help me land a much better job, but my brain still won't stop pushing me towards an academic career.