My Father (m, 55) is deteriorating like an 80 yr old dimentia patient. Doctors dont know what it is.
My father (caucusian male, 55, unsure of weight and height sorry, definently less than 6 foot and probably 55 kgs) has been in hospital for two weeks  now after suffering a fall from which he couldn't get up. He has all the symptoms of ataxia - slurred speech, lack of motor control, change in personality/mood etc After an MRI scan, doctors told us they found "iron particles" around his brain, particularly concentrated around his cerebellum. They told us they don't know what it is, and have never seen anything like it before, but that the damge is irreverisible and whatever he has  is "terminal and untreatable" . They performed  a bone biopsy last week and we have been waiting for the results ever since. A quick Google search will tell you iron particles in the brain can happen when you live in a very polluted area. My father has lived in in queensland australia for his entire life, and a country town for the last 20, and hasn't  been anywhere particularly polluted except for perhaps London, where he worked for about 7 years. Doctor's think he has been deteriorating for some time, perhaps 12 years. My family and myself noticed changes in his personality, demeanour, and speech over that time - we plead with him to see doctors, which he would refuse to do  - when we did get him to, they either misdiagnosed him pagets disease, or said he was fine. hence why its built up to this point. My mother says he has deteriorated more in the last two weeks than ever. He is losing weight in hospital, and complains of constantly being cold. 

Basically im just posting this out of desperation for answers, since its very hard to see him deteriorating like this, so quickly and so young. if anyone has any thoughts, opinions, information, just educated speculations  or advice about how to approach something like this it would be much appreciated. Its obviously very hard to go through something like this.

Additional information: My father was a triathlete for some years and a health nut in my teen years and child hood - I would say his exercising though bordered on an obsession. And a lot of the "health" foods/supplements he was into were (in my opinion) completely quack. I remember him taking things like colloidal silver, though i'm unsure of in what quantities. My mother brought this up to doctors, who seem to have dismissed it as a possible cause however. Could any such supplements in excess cause a disease that could detiorate the cerebellum?

Update: Thanks for the replies everyone, it was very heartening to see so many to say the least. I don't have any MRI images to upload unfortunately, I'm waiting for my mother to get them from the hospital. As far as updates go, we received the results of the bone biopsy - the doctors said "an accumulation of hepcidin" may be responsible. They sent us this article to read on it https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25115800/ they said they're will be a meeting of doctors in Brisbane to discuss the results and how to treat him in the next two weeks. They say this is very rare. The good news is that we were able to bring dad home for Christmas. He is in much better spirits!