20f I’ve already had 6 CT scans this year. They want me to have another one soon. Is it even worth the risk anymore for what they’re checking…?
I have tachycardia and kidney stones. Starting at the beginning of the year I was having terrible symptoms of chest pressure, pain, and pressure in my head. I also developed a migraine for 9 days. Went to the ER maybe 10 times throughout the year. Every time I was “medically okay” besides my heart rate always being over 100 and reach about 150 while still being comfortable. Diagnosed with anxiety getting anxiety attacks, given meds. They don’t really help. Until one day. 

I’ve gotten CT scans of my chest, abdomen, and pelvis area. They finally found a large burden of kidney stones (all 100% calcium phosphate unfortunately) in the right kidney, and “renal swelling.” (still don’t know what that means, no one ever really told me or anything.) 

Two surgeries later and another CT scan between those, I’m here. They did an ultrasound recently, and my kidney is still swelling about 2 months since my last surgery, and I have at least 2 kidney stones still. I’ve never been able to pass one without surgery, and I feel so defeated. Family doctor wants to order a CT scan now to check my burden.

I’ve already had so many CT scans from different doctors. Even an MRI of my brain to try to explain my high prolactin levels, which went down in a couple weeks. I can understand that one. I’m feeling defeated. I’ve already had my mom die of cancer this year and I had a brother die from it too years back. My grandparents had cancer, my uncle and aunt as well. We’re genetically messed up apparently. 

I just want a urine test done to check my kidney. One of those two day tests or whatever it’s called. I obviously have some sort of kidney issue with my right kidney, maybe producing too much of something, especially if they’re 100% calcium phosphate (yeah my test said that). But my urologist said they’re not doing that test right now because of COVID. 

I don’t know. What are your thoughts? I’m not usually against medical advice since everyone is smarter than me, but I can’t really explain how I’m feeling. I just had a CT scan two months prior. the ultrasound recently showed I have two kidney stones and swelling, is the CT scan really necessary? I just want some sort of kidney testing to stop my kidney from forming stones. I’ve have protein in my urine for years that was only found out this year as to why. 

I’m sorry this is so long. It feels like a rant.

edit: I have since been told by the urologist that he agrees, I should get the CT scan despite any risks. They are checking to see if I have any type of blockage due to mild hydronephrosis. so mainly, the kidney stones aren’t really what they’re scanning for, it’s for the swelling &amp; retention, so they deemed it necessary. I think I will go ahead and get it.