32f 5'4 120lbs the hospital could not diagnose my wife
My wife has celiac disease and hypothyroidism and a revised chiari malformation. She is on armour thyroid. Non smoker.


My wife recently returned from the hospital where they were unable to diagnose her so I'm hoping to get some opinions here.

On December 9th my wife received her pfizer booster. She got a red rash on her arm and soreness that spread to her chest. The next day or so she thought she had thrush because her tongue had turned white but it turned out to be dead skin that quickly peeled off.

We ignored it at the time but on the 11th she dropped a mug filled with tea onto herself while sitting and couldn't figure out how it had slipped from her hands.

On the 13th we were cooking dinner together. She began to feel numb and tingly in her mouth and on her face. It quickly spread to her arms and legs. Shortly after she felt sick and had to sit down. She then became unable to speak correctly and started stuttering when she could speak.

Thinking it was stroke, we rushed to the emergency room. While they were giving her stroke evaluation she became unable to move her arms or legs. When she was able to move it was woth extreme difficulty and when she could speak she had a severe stutter.

Eeg mri and CT ruled out stroke, tumor, and complex migraine. She was admitted and continued to feel tingling all over and couldn't walk. She continued to stutter and had trouble urinating.

The neurologists could find no issue with her chiari surgery from January 2020 and there was no evidence of increased csf pressure.

She was there for 2 days over which time she slowly improved and was eventually able to walk and speak relatively normally. She still has weakness and tingling in her limbs and burning in her hands and feet.

None of the drs could giver her a diagnosis and we eventually got her discharged. They gave her no treatment.

Upon reflection I am almost certain of her diagnosis but I would appreciate any feedback