8M my little brother collapsed this morning
SECOND UPDATE AND PROBABLY FINALE ONE !!He is coming home tonight!! If anyone wants to see how he’s doing I would upload a picture but I’m not sure how! We all do unfortunately have covid, but all of us are in stable condition, and I can’t wait to open presents with him tonight.
Merry Christmas to those that celebrate.
My (8M), white, less than 100 lb brother collapsed this morning in the kitchen. He said he didn’t feel good, and before we knew it, he leaned forward and hit his head on the counter before losing complete consciousness for about 5 minutes. When he fell his extremities drew up close to his body, and he made a gurgling sound like he was trying to swallow his tongue. This happened twice when he was about 2, but not since then, and every time he turns blue and goes rigid and limp. This one was the longest episode I believe, as I just woke up to my mom screaming for an ambulance, and they filled me in. Was this a seizure? And what could have caused it? The doctors last time couldn’t tell us anything. He plays video games a lot and forgets to eat sometimes, and we are all quarantined at home for possible covid. He ran a fever for a little bit and then went cold. They are taking him to the hospital as I type this, and I hope he’s okay. I just want some possible answers. My only possible conclusions were a brain mass or heart problem.
Please help! I thought we were going to lose him this morning:(
.
.
.
UPDATE.
. He flatlined in the ambulance but they were able to get him back to only 40 beats a minute, and we were told he would have died if my parents were asleep when it happened. I’m at a loss rn, it’s all so surreal.
They are finishing up an MRI on him but believe it’s either epilepsy or a heart problem. The COVID test hasn’t come back yet though, so we can’t rule that out yet. I appreciate the support you guys, and I will definitely make more of an effort to not be that stereotypical “mean” teenage sister as they call it. Be kinder to your younger siblings, especially around the holidays. I appreciate all the concerns, and the support &lt;3