Child put into treatment hospital for RAD (reactive attachment disorder) and is allowed to run around naked and do anything he wants
Can someone explain why a treatment facility for RAD would take in a 6-year old boy and tell the caregiver that their treatment will consist of medication and permitting any behavior whatsoever?

The caregiver is the step-mom of the child. (He calls her Mom, but occasionally sees his real mom.) The step-daughter had a child, neglected and abused him severely, and lost custody a few years ago. The boy was diagnosed with RAD and has had some difficulty with the step-mom, but nothing too serious. Now, the court-ordered "treatment" is to take the boy to the treatment center for a month and leave him there. But instead of a warm, loving environment and a family or a home or a puppy to love on, the treatment center has about 8 other kids in a more institutional environment that he joined. Within minutes of the start of the "treatment," the caregiver mom is now livid with the supposed cure. She was told that none of the normal parenting she did was right, and that he will be allowed to do literally anything he wants. He doesn't have to wear clothes, he doesn't have to take his medicine.

The mom calls the place and within an hour the report is told that he's running around naked ... around all the other children I might add. And it's ok, that's just fine. Another relative calls and gets the same report a few hours later. Still naked.

Is this an effective treatment? I don't know if we need a doctor, a policeman, a judge, or a pastor. This is medical treatment? Or did we happen to find a 21st century insane asylum masquerading as a treatment facility? Am I allowed to say that this is perverted?

The family keeps bringing up the obvious result of this: these treatment folks get to go home to their family every night. But when the little boy returns home, what kind of tyrannical spoiled kid will he be? And if he wants ice cream and Skittles for breakfast and we don't give it to him, what happens next?