Concerned my wife has cancer
Warning, this is long. Please excuse spelling/grammar errors. I wanted you to have context and I’m looking for opinions from Doctors on a couple things: 

1. Do you have a hypothesis on what’s going on with her? What is it?

2. Is my thinking in the ballpark or am I going way too far with my assumptions? If so, where am I leading myself astray?


Stats on wife; 32, F, 5’4 130 lbs. 

First Symptoms started in July of this year, 12 hours after her first moderna vaccine (Her doctors found this noteworthy). Her lips and glands swelled as if she had injections and we thought nothing of it. Over the next several months, we noticed random days where her lips would swell up - we also noticed some swelling in the hands and feet but it took us a few months to really notice. 

November 21’ She started complaining of pain in her back, neck, shoulders, arms.  I noticed a lump in the breast that ended up prompting a visit to the doctor.  During that visit, her pcp acknowledged swollen lymph nodes and ordered a complete metabolic panel, CBC, Lupus 12 panel, and a mammogram. 

CBC results = all within normal range 
Metabolic panel = all within normal range 
Lupus 12 panel = POSITIVE Ana at 1:160 
C reactive protein = normal 
Esr = normal 
Thyroid = normal
Allergy up resp 17 = no allergies 
Chest X-ray = lungs and heart look great
Mammogram = normal  

After running these tests, we began thinking autoimmune was most likely and resigned to the fact that it would take some time to diagnose. Shortly after receiving the test results, her joint pain got much worse, she complained primarily of neck and shoulder pain. She’d ask me to crack her back every night and said she felt tight and stiff constantly. That’s when I noticed the night sweats. I flashed back and realized she’d started sleeping with the fan on months prior because of sweating. This was abnormal because she hated having the fan on, even on low for the 8 years we’ve been together. I don’t know how I didn’t see it sooner. 

One other major symptom I left out is the one that put me over the top with fear.  Over the past two weeks she’s been unable to eat much at all, she’s dropped from 138 pounds to 130. She barely eats and feels full. She has good moments where she can move around the house but she quickly becomes sore and has to rest. The weight loss, the constant chills, the inability to eat anything. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see that somethings wrong. 

I emailed her doc with her the next day and asked for a neck ultrasound. I told her we wanted to rule out lymphoma. Her pcp replied and said she wasn’t concerned for lymphoma but that she’d order a neck ultrasound because she did feel the swelling lymph nodes and wanted to give us peace of mind. 

Here’s what the US results read: 

There is an enlarged hypoechoic lymph node right submandibular region measuring 2.5 X 1.8 X .9  cm with minimal if any preserved fatty hilum. An additional hypoechoic nodule  without fatty hilum is seen left submandibular measuring 1.6 X 1.3 X .5  cm . 

Doc ordered an X-ray of the cervical/spine as well  to look for fractures = Normal 

Urine culture came back : blood +1 
urine leukocyte esterase :25 (marked as elevated, normal is NEG) 

White blood cells in urine was 6 (normal 1-5)

CCP antibody : normal 
RA factor = normal

This is where I went down the rabbit hole. I researched the US terminology first, then started reading peer reviewed  medical studies online. In about 2 days time I’d poured through a ton of medical studies. I concluded that these characteristics are not what you want to see on an ultrasound. The long axis/short axis ratio, the location of the nodule, the hypoechoic nature, and the loss of fatty hilum. All bad. Also, the fact that it’s possibly on both sides. Evidence of spread? 

I kept reading. Anxiety went up. I see many possibilities here. But here’s what I keep thinking to myself…

“She may very well have a stage 4A (I think, I’m fuzzy now on criteria) adenoid cystic carnioma (none of them are good but this one seems to be the most common malignant tumor in that region). 40% of tumors in the submandibular region are malignant. The fact she’s showing symptoms can’t be a good thing, and the fact we’re seeing an enlarged node without the hilum on the opposite side of the neck is evidence for potential spread. If that’s the case, it’s rare and survival rates are very low. Even if it’s a lymphoma, if it’s stage 4 it’s going to be really tough to cure.” 

For the record, I know this has to be looked at under the microscope. I also know there are other possible causes and other outcomes possible here. There are many types of cancer it could be, IF indeed it is malignant. But what’s most likely? 

Why is my brain thinking cancer is like 90% likely here? Is it because I hear her unable to sleep at night, moaning in pain? Is it because the human brain is wired to survive and I’m protecting myself by preparing for worst case scenario? Or, am I just a smart guy who’s on the right track? Fuck, I don’t want to be smart this time! This time I want to be dumb. I want to be wrong. This time, just this once, I want to be that health anxious guy who’s jumping to terrible conclusions while making awful assumptions. That’s what I want to hear, but not just so I can feel better - I want someone who knows their shit to tell me the truth. 

The biopsy is tomorrow, it was scheduled for 2 weeks out but I got it moved up. I’m happy to answer any questions and provide more info. 

Tl;dr - I think my wife has cancer and the anxiety is overwhelming. I really hope I’m wrong.

UPDATE: Before I give the update, THANK YOU to everyone who took the time to read this and offer advice and kind/encouraging words! I appreciate all of you and will continue to provide updates as we learn more. So, here’s how today went… 

Her biopsy was performed today. The doctor performed a core needle biopsy. He said there IS fatty hilum present in the lymph nodes and that it’s not easy to see so the first US tech may have missed it. He said if she were not symptomatic he would prefer not to biopsy, but that he wants to rule out lymphoma because she is experiencing symptoms. He also noted that these glands are not in the submandibular region but that they are close to it. That alleviates a huge concern of mine. 

Wife said she could feel everything (despite the lidocaine) and that it was pretty painful. She’s very sore right now and her body is aching. Level 7 pain in joints all over (mostly in her legs and feet right now, which is interesting because it’s been mostly upper body complaints until today). She has a high pain tolerance but it’s difficult to watch. Her referral to Rheumatology came in and the first appointment is 2/17. This seems ridiculous to me. Nobody should be in pain for that long. And how the hell am I supposed to get calories into her if she doesn’t have an appetite? 

First things first, we need to wait on these results. I’m open to suggestions if you can think of other steps we can take while waiting. Thanks again everyone!

UPDATE: Can anyone tell me what this pathology report means? Our PCP says it is reassuringly benign but I haven’t received any explanation on what these findings mean. Perhaps I don’t need to know? Should I send it off for a second opinion? My wife is still very much symptomatic. I want to know we can definitively rule out cancers so we can continue with rheumatology without this lingering in the back of our minds. 

There are no immunohistochemical features to suggest lymphoma. Given the
limited nature of a needle core biopsy, additional sampling may be considered
if the lymph node persists or if there is clinical concern for malignancy.
In arriving at this diagnosis, a panel of immunohistochemical stains has been
performed and is summarized in the table below.
STAIN
RESULT
CD3 Positive in T cells
CD5 Positive in T cells, no coexpression
CD10 Negative, limited by tissue size
CD20 Positive in B cells
BCL-1
Negative
BCL-2
Negative, no definite germinal centers identified
BCL-6
Negative, no definite germinal centers identified
Kappa ISH
No clonal population
Lambda ISH No clonal population
MIB-1
ow proliferation rate
CD23
Insufficient tissue present
The above immunostains are deemed medically necessary. Some of the antigens
mav have also been evaluated ov flow cometrv. Concurrent evaluation orIo