My younger brother (5M) was discovered to have a brain tumor, can somebody please help me answer some questions?
So this might be a little hard for me to write... I never thought I'd come to this moment but, my younger brother (5 years and 4 months old) was discovered with a pretty big brain tumor... He already has difficulties in walking and standing still etc... 

He is a perfectly healthy boy, he never had any kind of issues until suddenly, in the duration of 6 hours everything fell apart... 

The tumor is located in the brain stem so removing it via surgery or chemotherapy is impossible as it might leave him completely disabled or even kill him... According to the words of the doctor
Since I wasn't in direct contact with the doctor, and I thought asking here might be better since it has a larger exposure and larger variety of people who can answer this... I wanted to ask few questions, what are the all possible solutions to this? Can something ELSE be done other than radiation? And if no, what is the success rate for curing (stopping or even making smaller) the tumor itself via radiation therapy? If it will be cured, what are the chances that the tumor will start growing again after some period of time? And how deadly is it after it was "cured"? The doctor even said that things might even get out of control and he might even pass away during the next few days, he didn't say what were the chances though so can somebody please please please tell me that the chances of this happening are small? + I just want everything to go back to normal, play with him and just make everything fine again like it was just 3-4 days ago... Is this possible or his life is now changed, forever? In what ways? 

Please take this seriously, I really care for him, I am writing this with tears since I am deeply scared for him and what he might go through... I know that this subject is very serious and it's not some kind of ordinary virus... Thank you all in advance...! 

Ps. If any more information is needed please let me know, (except for the type of the tumor, since it is located in the stem of the brain the doctor said it is impossible to make a surgery and find out what type of a tumor is this unless some part of it is located outside of the brain stem)