How do you deal with a toxic workplace?
I started a new job about 10 months ago, first job out of university. Grabbed the first job I could thanks to covid. About 6 months in i started having more contact with the manager and the managing director, and they're the exact same type of person. 

Whenever I'm in the office they talk about other colleagues in a belittling manner and do dumbed down impressions of how they speak. I can therefore deduce that if they do it to others, they probably do it to me when I'm not there. 

If i have to ask someone else to do a small task for me, I'm pressured by management to pressure them to do it faster. This feels very stressful, not only for me, but the person I'm pressuring too. 

Management says they are available to help with tasks but whenever I ask for help it ends up being an hour lecture on how I'm not being proactive enough, and telling me off when they nitpick tiny errors despite the fact I'm literally there asking them for help.  Their demands are inconsistent and the goalposts are constantly moving. If I complete a project, it's never any praise. They'll find any tiny, insignificant detail and grill the team for not accounting for it in the plan. My colleagues leave meetings talking about how stressful they are, and how impossible the management is to impress. 

They speak to everyone working there in a condescending manner with no respect, as if everyone is a child, and a moron for not thinking the same as them, and not being able to read their minds.

I'm expected to work past my hours every day (meant to be 7:00 till 3:30, but stay until 4:30) because they don't give me any time to carry out tasks, but still expect them to be done.

Every colleague I've spoken to says they hate having to speak to them because of their attitude, which goes to show how deep this problem goes. I've heard shouting matches between the manager and employees before too. 

I understand I'm getting good experience, and I'm learning a lot from them, but there has to be a better way of managing that doesn't cause so much stress.

I'm currently searching for another job, but has anyone got experience of this before? How did you cope?