(Not a video dump) Have you seen this really dishonest anti-choice ad titled "Her Body, Her Problem"? The ad tries to paint pro-choice men as selfish deadbeat dads.
It's a 2 minute YouTube ad by this pro-life/forced-birth group called Live Action. It's titled as "Abortion Rights Are Pro-Choice Men's Rights", also titled as "Her Body, Her Problem". (am I allowed to link it?)

From watching the first few seconds of the ad, you might initially think it's a genuine pro-choice ad featuring genuine pro-choice men. Then it takes a turn and the men in the ad state that the only reason they are pro-choice is because they want to have sex with as many women as they want without having to take on the responsibility of fatherhood. (it's obvious that these guys are actors).The ad is essentially saying that pro-choice men are selfish deadbeats and that this is the only reason men would ever be pro-choice.

First of all, there will be deadbeat dads regardless of whatever laws are in place regarding abortion. Deadbeats will be deadbeats. Go to any Republican anti-choice state, there's no shortage of deadbeats in those states. Especially in the South, deadbeat dads are abound and plentiful there.

Secondly, notice the framing. The ad implies that it's a bad thing for men to want to have sex with women without becoming a father. By their logic, are men deadbeats for using condoms or getting vasectomies? Are women deadbeats for using birth control pills, using IUDs, or undergoing hysterectomies? Are men deadbeats for having sex with women who use birth control? The ad is essentially saying that you're a deadbeat if you want to have sex without becoming a parent. People have a right to have sex that doesn't result in parenthood. Conservatives are infuriated by the idea that people might enjoy "consequence-free sex" as they often call it. They believe sex MUST result in a child, and you're a sinful whore/deadbeat if you don't have sex solely for reproduction.

Obviously, the primary reason men should be pro-choice shouldn't be because they want to have sex with women without becoming a dad (though that is a good plus) but because they respect the bodily autonomy of women and people with wombs. Do you agree? Or do you think it's fine if men are only pro-choice because they don't want to become dads? Personally I think there's nothing wrong with men not wanting to become dads, but that shouldn't be the main reasoning for men being pro-choice. If men don't want to become dads they can use condoms, get vasectomies, or discuss birth control options with their partners.