[MD] Boss singled out my Judaism by decorating my office without asking me
Hey I'm new here and I hope I'm doing this the right way.  I've been working about half the time in the office and half the time remotely.  I've been working for this company (less than 100 employees) over 5 years and I am a manager working under the President.  The other day in the evening there was an optional office decoration event for the holidays, where people could have fun decorating and having pizza.  I didn't want to participate because as a secular Jew it's not exactly my cup of tea, but everyone else can do whatever.  Anyway, the next time I come to my office I discover my door is covered in this blue/silver tinsel, while the entire rest of the office is covered in Christmas stuff.  Like there's stockings and Christmas trees everywhere and green/red and everything you would expect for Christmas, except my office which had blue/silver tinsel, which I guess is supposed to be because I'm Jewish.  Frankly, I find it ignorant.  That's never how I celebrated Hanukkah.  

People know I'm Jewish for a variety of reasons but I don't make a big deal about it.  But I guess I felt like I'm being singled out/tokenized by being the only place in the entire building with this and the whole tinsel thing is kind of ignorant anyway.  I feel like if I wanted to show off my Judaism I could do that, but I chose not to by not participating in the optional event.  After having to look at the tinsel for a few hours I decided it would just be better to pull it down because again it just felt like it was this spotlight singling me out for being different.  This is sort of on top of the casually ignorant comments about Judaism I hear every so often from other non-Jews (one employee asked me what the Jew beanie meant one time, which is just stupid).  It's getting tiresome.

What makes this even more difficult is that I found out after the fact that the person who decorated my office was my boss, the President of the company.  I guess I think she is probably just trying to be well intentioned, but it bothered me enough to pull it down.  For now, I haven't said anything other than take it down, but I expect at some point someone will ask me about it.  Any advice on how to handle this?  It seems like a difficult confrontation to make.  We don't really have a HR department as a small company.