[WI] Boss and HR gave me an ultimatum...
Hi Everyone,

I work IT in Public Education.  I've been in this role for a bit over 5 years, have had nothing but positive performance reviews, I made great changes and impacts that the environment openly recognizes.  

Two years ago we got a new boss, though.  His management style is vastly different than our predecessor's.  He doesn't involve his technical staff in important meetings or conversations, is very unapproachable, and gets very defensive when we bring up any issues or concerns that may reflect on him.  Because of these reasons, the vast majority of the department has been struggling and unhappy.  This, coupled with some recent family tragedies and a serious medical diagnosis, I've been clearly struggling mentally.

Fast forward to right before the holiday break, my boss schedules an impromptu meeting with me and HR.  He lists all of the things that I'm doing wrong from a soft-skills perspective and basically says I need to plan to leave the environment, in which they'll support the transition based on my time-line, or I need to go on a performance-improvement plan which he says "Will not be easy."

Disregarding the fact that this is something extremely cruel to do to someone before the holidays, I do not find most of his criticisms to be correct.  I'll admit to some of them, but others he is making a connection that doesn't exist to already fit his narrative.  Also, some of the items are things the entire department does and many things he's never brought to my attention before.

I like what I do, I make good money, and the benefits are good.  Long-term I'd like to find something else because of how poor of a leader he is but I haven't yet found something that looks like a good fit for me.  They are giving me until 1/3 to make a decision.  I am planning on putting together some talking points about the difficulties I've had personally over the past few years because of family tragedy and my medical condition, admit the few things I agree I need to work on, but also defend the fact that some of his critiques are not correct and when I try to have discussions with him he gets defensive.

Any recommendations on how to move forward and defend myself?  Is it all in vain?  I don't want to be litigious or blame everything on my medical condition, but it does have a great impact on my daily quality of life and I can get a doctor to write a note to that affect.

Any advice is appreciated.

Thanks.