[OH] is my manager allowed to change the unit that I work (without notice) due to me having FMLA?
TLDR.      Ever since I have gotten fmla my boss has been telling me not to use it because we are short staffed and it puts us in a bad position. he has now taken my position away from me because I use my FMLA and im the only person able to work my unit on the weekend making it hard on other staff. Is this something he is able to do? 

Hello, I'm not sure the best way to word everything so please bear with me.

I work at a hospital as a part-time housekeeper and have had the same job/schedule for going on around 4 years now.  Recently I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and arthritis. I am younger (under 25) so a lot of time when I'm unable to walk or if I'm struggling to do my job nobody takes me seriously and my boss has told me plenty of times I need to just go to the gym and that I'm too young to be feeling the way I feel. I put up with this for a long time up until earlier this year (in july) when my doctor signed paperwork for me to have intermittent FMLA while we try to find something to help my pain. I'm allowed to have 2 days a month for FMLA and have never once used more than that. 
Upon learning of my FMLA my boss wasn't very happy because we can't find anyone to work on maternity because it's "complicated" and "gross" according to him. (it's not complicated the cleaning chemicals used on maternity are just different compared to other places and the beds are different) when I called off the first time it was on the weekend and was due to my hips being in so much pain I was unable to sleep. Later that week I was pulled into the office and told that I can't make it a habit to call off when I'm in pain especially on the weekend because I am"putting the department in a bad position especially when staff is short on the weekends" I was pulled in the office 2 times regarding my FMLA and the fact I put the department in a bad place and that if I'm going to call off on the weekend I should let him know a few days in advance so he can find staff. I'm not sure how I can do that considering I'm unable to sit down with my medical condition and schedule my flare-up. 

I have also been informed that on one of my scheduled days off my boss and a bunch of coworkers were talking about me in a bad way and that a few of them think I should be fired. Of course, I wasn't there for the conversation and was only told about it because 2 of my coworkers texted me and informed me of the conversation that was had about me in our morning huddle. 

That was a small back story and now brings me to one of the main issues. 2 weeks ago on Wednesday I was sick and was sent home for having a fever and suspected covid. So I was unable to return to work until I had a test result. The hospital's employee health unit called me and we discussed how negative for covid and they asked me about my symptoms. Due to me still having a fever of 101.8 I was told I need to be fever-free for 24 hours before I return to work and was told to see a doctor. I we to a local urgent care and was given another covid test (even after a negative one yes but the doctor said all of my symptoms point to covid) and that I need to be under quarantine until my tests come back i tried telling them i dont need another test and to please let me go to work but Sadly I missed the weekend. I did discuss this with my boss and as soon as I knew something about my sickness my boss was the first person I told because I didn't want me being sick to hurt staffing. Today was my first day back to work and I went in to find out that I wasn't working my normal unit and was assigned to work pcu instead and a different woman was assigned to my unit. I obviously upset about this tried to find out what happened and after talking to my friend (the girl assigned to maternity today) I found out my boss switched her days around so she could now be the part-time housekeeper for maternity because my boss told her I'm unreliable and that I call off on my days and he needs someone that can work. 

I found this to be wrong in my eyes for a couple of reasons but one of them was because I was never once informed about this. When I work on maternity I have to wear sterile scrubs provided by the hospital so if I knew that I wasn't going to be working on my unit I would have at least brought my regular scrubs. I also feel as if I have been treated differently by my employer since I got FMLA and I feel like I'm being punished for using it which I'm not sure but I don't think he can do that.  I texted him asking why he never told me about this change and asked his reasoning on it and was told that it's because he needs to ensure there is covrage in OB and that my coworker is working on my unit now to ensure that because not having someone in ob due to call offs is a big concern to him. I also asked why i was never told about this and was yold the following 

"I texted you on Thursday informing you about the change but you didn't reply to me.
 (He hasn't sent me anything since December the 3rd and I looked through our messages and he has never told me about this change happening. 

Once I told him I have not talked to him since the beginning of December i was told
"Yes I did. I reminded you that you are scheduled to work this weekend and you will be in PCU and [coworker] changed her weekend schedule. If I may say so, you don't always reply to my text messages and I assume you received and was ok. You not receiving my text message from Thursday could be due to many things. I am not saying that you are not responsible for not receiving my text message, I communicated." He also said he would have told me in person bit I wasn't at work for him to tell me. 

I have worked the same unit for a very long time now with no change to my position but I am now having my position taken away from me because I have fmla and use it to call off when im in a lot of pain and I was wondering if there was anything I can do to get my position back or if this is just a normal thing that happens and if i should just quit if i dont like it. I honestly feels as if im being punished for having medical issues.



TLDR.      Ever since I have gotten fmla my boss has been telling me not to use it because we are short staffed and it puts us in a bad position. he has now taken my position away from me because I use my FMLA and im the only person able to work my unit on the weekend making it hard on other staff. Is this something he is able to do?

EDIT: thabk you for all the responses. According to people that commented here and on r/legaladvice I guess my boss is able to move me where ever needed and I can't really do much about it. No one on the other sub really mentioned much about him discussing stuff with my coworker, asking for an more notice, or basically telling me not to use my fmla because of it hurting the department so I'm guessing he is pretty much fine to do what ever. I'll probably be quitting sadly due to other units being much harder for me to handle because of how many patients these units hold and avarage amount of dailies and discharge but I still appreciate all the advice given to me. Thank you guys