[WI] Co-worker swung open my door and I thought it might be broken, then she shouted at me.
I work in a university archives.  A library staff member is writing a history of the library for our webpage.  I randomly happened across an archives record that may be of use, so I let her know I would place it in the archives room.    It was in a "Library History" folder within a small box of other folders.

Later, she stormed in my office as I was eating lunch.  She swung open the door so forcefully I thought she may had damaged it.  I checked later and it seems OK, but I've never seen anyone open a door like that.

Without any pause, she shouted, "YOU SAID THIS IS A LIBRARY HISTORY BOX AND IT IS NOT."  She repeated this a few times.  I was in shock and scared having gone from being in quiet to suddenly having this happen.  It was like someone coming up behind you and shouting in your ear.  I did not say anything and walked to the archives room.  There, I calmly said, "I may have put the wrong box on the table."  She repeated her statement again.  She was standing behind me as I looked, and I didn't feel safe.  I quickly found the library history file, and she said, "Oh."  I left without saying anything.

I had no obligation to inform of her this record.  I was just trying to be helpful.

It was difficult to process in the moment.  I could have calmly said she can't open my door that way, and shout at me, but I was just in a shock, like heart-attack shock at having been scared suddenly.

In the past, there were two incidents.  One was she called me on the phone out of the blue, and shouted at me for forgetting to do something that had nothing to do with her job.  She hung up without saying anything more.  She has no authority over me.  The thing I forgot is something all staff, including the director, forget at times.  The director even tells us not to feel bad about it.

She sent an email to me and other staff, where she was ordering me to do certain things she had no authority to tell me to do.  She was extremely rude.  I was professional.  My boss talked to her about the email.

I have informed my boss about all these incidents.  She said I could talk to her myself, my boss could talk to her, we could have a talk together, or we could bring HR into it.

I am not sure what to make of what is happening.  I was really disturbed by how violently she swung open that door and started yelling at me.

I didn't feel safe when she was standing behind me as I looked through the box.  I'm just not sure what to make of this situation, or if I'm making a big deal out of nothing.

She has done other things to other people, like on a zoom meeting she got a call, and answered by shouting "WHAT DO YOU WANT???!  I'M IN A MEETING!!"

A little history: I was on the interview committee for her.  All 3 of her references were the worst I had ever heard.  They all said her co-workers didn't like her, her boss didn't like her, and strangely even her own husband didn't like her and wanted a divorce (That was scratched off the record, but I bring it up here to show how bad these references were).  I'm pretty sure she had been fired from her last job. (Edit: I didn't want to hire her.  Everyone else had dropped out and our director, I believe, just wanted to fill the position rather than start a new search committee).

I'm really bad at understanding these situations.  I feel really nervous that she's going to bust down my down at any time.