[CA] Sue or Package?
I got the worst rating at last review cycle and now HR is asked to put me on PIP. Background, I work as a business analyst at a tech company in IT. My 20th year running and I make $200k+ annually on an average. 

For first 16 years I was part of a business team, firing on all cylinders. Did some great work and was in top 20% throughout, managing a team of 10 analysts. Much to my dismay I got moved under an asshole of a boss 3 years ago in IT. I still kept performing but rating came steadily down. From 5 to 4 to 2 to 1 in 3 years. To make it worse, my boss didn't follow couple of my recommendations, causing $1.5m screw-up. He got chewed out by the business VP and my life got much worse. It seems he is really threatened by my being on his team.

This review cycle, he and his cronies cherry picked events and came with a "1" rating. I escalated to our VP but seems he is not interested in intervention. He just got passed over for CIO role so guess VP is busy working his own plan.

HR wanted to put me on PIP which would be certain suicide as feedback would have to come from the same cronies. So I put in rebuttal to my review with extremely detailed history of projects and events. This is where things got interesting. Seems HR found enough of "grey area" so they came back with an option. They would temporarily put me back to "2" (which would absolve cronies of their shenanigans) but the PIP would delay for a month. I confirmed that basically HR team just talked to my asshole manager but no one else. Also, nothing in writing, just verbal.

I'm quite good at what I do and well respected by most. I'm also really pissed because leaving the company means I have to start over (I'm 52). Plus our department is hemorrhaging good people so there is enough to do. 

Here is my question. Should I bargain,  get $50k in severance and leave OR stay and fight to prove my case. I guess if I win, I may get up to $200k and potentially keep my job. No guarantees though. I will get nothing if I lose. I will have to hire lawyer firm and so there is cost to be considered. Btw, I have captured enough evidence over the years to show that my reviews were abnormally low and didn't match my work product.

Please share your journey if you have sued and won. How nerve wrecking did it get and what things you learn? How much do the lawyers cost?

This is my first post so much appreciate your thoughts.

{Update1} Wow, thank you for such great response. Question was asked about what I thought was illegal. Upon reflection, this is more in the area of Company Code of Conduct which dictates professionalism, fairness, and integrity. For some reason, our company takes this very seriously and we have hotline etc. to report incidents. In my case, there were instances where I was left off meetings etc. which caused direct impact to my work output and quality. Since it happened multiple times, HR found them to be egregious enough.

{Update2} I am working thru HR now, towards amicable path many of you suggested. Will post update when signed and sealed. Time to brush up the resume. Thank you ALL !