Are PiPs just an excuse to fire? [NY]
Just to be brief: I have a record of high performance in quota carrying roles that is well documented. I was hired six months ago into a new sales role. I discovered I was pregnant my first week on the job. I have been brutally sick since the start of my pregnancy, and am considered disabled. All is documented with HR with appropriate medical letters. I have been held to a quota since the start of November, and have not made full quota the past two months. I had to claim some ADA accommodations, and two weeks after formally doing so was put on a PiP.

I do not know how to proceed. The performance issues are a direct result of the disability, but quota is an essential aspect of the role. My direct supervisors have been encouraging and seem sincere that they want me on the team and just need me to show improvement. They implied that they were being pressured from company stakeholders above them. I really like my company and would like to work off the PiP, but other people are telling me my bosses are just covering their asses to fire me. My medical team was especially pissed when they learned the PiP had come two weeks after the ADA claim. My doctor wants me to be put on STD because I need more intensive care, but now we are both worried about retaliation.

Should I be looking for another job? Or should I take my bosses at face value? The whole situation is pretty terrible because I am due in April.

UPDATE: I wanted to update everyone who was kind enough to reply or may be generally interested. I spoke with a law office today and feel much more hopeful. They explained that by the standards of my state I would be entitled to unemployment unless fired for “gross misconduct”, which would *not* include not meeting quota. I would also be able to get Medicaid and WIC. My area also has a wealth of food banks and other social supports that I would qualify for. I’m lucky enough to have 0 debt right now, and enough available credit to put expenses not covered by UI and savings. So I no longer feel jumping off a bridge is my only option. The person at the law office said to participate with the PiP in good faith at this point, and to carefully document everything. She also said to focus on the immediate future and getting better. Thanks again to everyone who offered advice.