[CA] Should I disclose an arrest that was dismissed in court during an interview?
I was arrested in MA for possession of fentanyl after falling asleep in my car outside my aunts apartment building's parking lot. Or whatever falls under class A the worst one. Idk if it's a felony or not but I assume so. 

However in my defense, the case was immediately dismissed and I tested negative for all substances but Marijuana. Im not a drug user (I smoke weed occasionally but would be willing to stop altogether) and wasn't on drugs or in possession of any drugs at the time of the arrest (technically I wasn't arrested, I was summoned (and I wasn't even summoned! they "forgot" to send me a summons so this was news to me when I had a warrant)) . This ended in a dismissal after going to court 3 times and the officer never showing up. Whole thing was a very strange experience. This is all backed up in the court documents too so I have nothing to hide and would hope they'd give me a chance and look into them if didn't believe me. 

Sidenote: Imho it really was some small town politics nonsense going back to some beef between the police chief and my father and they were messing with me. One of the reasons I left MA. I'd sound like a crazy person if I started saying that stuff in an interview though lol. Either that or this was a mistake. Seriously. I don't think they meant to charge me. They took an empty bag and alleged it was an old drug bag and probably tested it. Only reason I think it might have been a mistake is they never sent me a summons and claim they forgot, then never bothered showing up to court any of the times they were supposed to even after the judge called them and told them she'd have to drop the case if they didn't show. Seems wierd. Maybe they "booked me" the day they talked to me in the car and didn't realize it then forgot? Or planned on waiting till lab results and when it came back negative they weren't gonna press charges and forgot they accidently did already?  I'll never know because they never came to court. Very sketchy. 

I wanna defend myself, but I don't want to bring it up if it's never going to come up. I feel like I'm in a wierd position because I know they only ask about convictions and I was never convincted, so I'll never have a chance to talk about it. But then when you do a background check on me that arrest will prob come up and be used against me. I wouldn't have a chance to explain at that point. 

So do I bring it up? What should I say? Any recommendations? I'm actively looking for another job and I've never had to explain this. Happened 4 years ago. If they say "do you have have any prior felony convictions?" should I say "no but I got arrested once for a felony and..."? What if it doesn't come up at all? Should I bring it up before they get a chance to see the background check? They'll at least see it was dismissed right? I just feel like a fentanyl arrest is gonna scare people so I'm pissed this happened. I hope if I get far enough where this becomes an issue they realize I'm not a drug addict though lol.