[AZ] Honest mistake on background check for employment dates created a discrepancy flag, will I lose the offer?
I recently was offered a an excellent job in training and development with a county in Arizona. I have already done all onboarding and given my two weeks at my existing job, as a high school teacher. I just got the background check results back and the company found two discrepancies, both were with past employment start/stop dates.

The first was with The Home Depot. I worked there back in college and have been with them for nearly 16 years before moving on. I put on the background check (and my resume) that I started in April 2004, turns out it was April 2005. You might ask how I botched Chase by nearly 18months? I was drinking heavily back then and don't remember the early 2010's very well. I have since sobered up and just want to support my family and those who depend on me.

I also worked as a banker at JPMorgan Chase. I could not remember when I started so I put February 2013 and it turns out it was June 2014. I got the end dates right for both companies.

Both of these were just honest mistakes. I am not a criminal and have all outstanding references. Will I lose the offer because of these? I already emailed the recruiter explaining both and owning up to some calendar mistakes. The check did verify both companies and my positions.

Thanks!

&amp;#x200B;

\*EDIT\*

 I spent all morning looking for an explanation for the date anomaly for JPMorgan Chase and I have found it. From 2013 to 2014 I worked as a banker at Wells Fargo bank. I had similar responsibilities to my role at Chase. My resume used to contain the names of both firms for my financial experience on the same line and the date range covered my total time at both WFB and Chase. I was advised by an HR professional that it was not appropriate to have two firms under the same position and to simply select one of the two, even though many of the responsibilities were similar. I removed WFB because all of my FINRA licenses, management, business growth, and community outreach came from Chase. However, after looking at the previous resume and comparing the two, I never revised the dates to be specific for Chase and it instead constitutes my total time in retail banking. I used this data when completing the background check form to maintain consistency. This is the explanation, the truthful explanation, that I sent to the recruiter earlier today explaining the dates. I hope it's satisfactory.