My girl got lip injection fillers and I'm pretty turned off. How did you guys handle this?
I facetimed my girlfriend over the weekend and immediately noticed that her lips looked bigger. I asked if she got lip injection but she denied it and redirected me to the lipstick that she was wearing. I let it go, but she called me 30 minutes later to tell me that she did in fact get lip injection.

Her lips look comically big, but she told me that this was due to the swelling. This is probably true since her lips look very bruised. However, I am completely turned off. This girl already has nice lips and I've never, not once, even thought her lips were too small. In fact, they were already pretty nice!

I saw her a few hours later and it looked pretty bad. Literally a duck face. She told me that she got a small amount - half an injection? something like that - AND it cost $500. I honestly couldn't hide my disgust. I told her I wasn't into it. I felt bad because I want to be supportive but the entire idea is just a big turn-off. On the other hand, she did just get it and her lips were swollen so it is an exaggerated effect. She said she's felt self-conscious about her lips for a long time and just wanted to try it out, and that it wasn't permanent.

I feel conflicted because both men and women all do things to enhance our appearance, and I would want to be supportive. My sister got a cosmetic nose job and so has my girlfriend. Those things didn't really bother me then and I got used to it.

I guess I am having a larger problem with her appearance as of late. We are in our late 20s and she's still dressing like we're going to hang out at the skatepark when we're going out for a nice meal. She's been wearing those fake plastic nails because they're cheaper than going to the nail salon and she doesn't want to learn how to paint her nails better. For the first time in a year she tried painting them the other week and asked me what I thought. I told her honestly that it was 'just okay' but if she put more time into it she would get better.

I wanted to ask you guys what you think about lip injections. I'm sure her swelling will go down, but I feel like I don't trust her judgement anymore either. Between the clothing, the nails and now the lips I am totally turned off. Am I out of line here?

Follow-up question for the men who have been in a long-term relationship and have seen a decline in appearance in their SO: how did you handle this?

For those who read this far, thanks for listening to me talk this out.