How do I protect myself from misuse of philosophy?
I have only recently become aware of how philosophy ….can be a fascinating way to interpret EVERYTHING! (Thank you Wisecrack(I’m slightly embarrassed by that admission))

There is a dark side though. Well. I think there is a dark side. I watched a you tube video this evening (Jordan Peterson: The Fatal Flaw in American Leftist Politics | Big Think). My lizard brain had a….negative reaction to a lot of the conclusions being formed throughout the video. He name checked a bunch of philosophies, then sort of “yadda yadda yaddas” through a balanced interpretation. I THINK that’s what happened. But I am not sophisticated enough at present to deconstruct WHY I had a negative reaction. I mean aside from the variety of hot pieces and my opinion of the people he keeps company with; but that doesn’t feel like a valid reason to dismiss his perspective?

I am 42 years old. I’ve got 2 kids. I’ve attempted to focus on stabilizing my life in terms of studying or pursuing professions that I believed provided a solid/stable life. (Data analytics/statistic/Digital product management). Yes I plan on reading more and attempting to learn more…..but I will NEVER catch up to a dedicated philosopher. I can only pull lessons as I hear them and try to incorporate them into my world view.

My gut reaction to the video made me think of Jaunita Marquez from Snow Crash; where she goes through this extremely harrowing, dangerous experience for precious information/understanding. I don’t have that bandwidth:-)

So….how do I arm myself against fallacious interpretations? (If my example above is actually fallacious). Is it just I need more exposure to more philosophical frameworks? Do I just start to use r/askphilosophy whenever I need a second set of insights? Is there a ….trusted set of heuristics that solve 80% of the defense and will at least point out areas to beware?

I apologize if this question isn’t the right place. I wasn’t sure where the right place would have been.