Went out with a girl and we had a lovely time - almost 4 hours of chit chat, stories and jokes; but ended with her saying we should date again but I was too 'nice' for her to consider in a romantic way. That's fine, I moved on, but then I heard the same dialogue multiple times in other situations...
(M 28) I understand that this question might seem too specific about this person, she might just not be into me relationship-wise, which is understandable of course. This is not about this particular girl, or about me wanting to know what she meant in this situation - the advice i'm seeking is with regards to a certain line often being said to me by the women I know, and whether there is any deeper meaning to it.

I have heard this a few times on first dates, the lady saying that the date was fun, and we should go out again, but I'm too 'nice and sweet' for her to see in any other way than as a good friend. Let me quickly say that I definitely do not consider myself the 'nice guy' - I'm just a guy who is generally polite, soft spoken and non-confrontational.

Things get more complicated considering I've heard this line said in other contexts as well. My ex girlfriend with whom I was in a serious relationship with said to me (after our break up, and after she got together with someone else) that I was too nice and sweet, and really ought to have been a little more mean and shout-y at her. (We were 21 years old at the time)  She said that there were many instances in the relationship where she was mean to me and I ought to have scolded her or been harsh with her rather than being nice, supportive and understanding. I do wholly disagree with her on this, I think we were young and not mature enough to understand healthy relationships.

To some degree I learnt that maybe the girls i went on dates with were saying this because I was not flirting enough, i was just having sincere conversations on common interests and stuff on the first date ( i thought we were supposed to take it slow). So i learnt from that mistake, and started actually flirting on first dates, (yeah I'm a slow learner lol) and then things definitely went better. I've gotten into a few casual relationships. However...

The other times I heard the line were after I got into casual relationships that led to intimacy - but then in moments when things escalate, she says something along the lines of 'should we just cuddle and make out? you're just so, nice, and I would feel guilty doing the nasty things we talked about...' which is probably the moment i started putting serious thought into this whole thing. I was basically, too much of a nice person to have casual sex with? That's not all - we had already had dirty conversations, we had sexted and teased each other; basically everything about our interaction would have been sexual in nature except for literal sex. I would understand if we had sex and I was disappointing for some reason and so she says something like this - but we haven't had it yet! And it's not like she isn't attracted to me either, since obviously we're heavy petting on the couch. Nor is it about any abstinence vows. The girls in question have told me about their sexual exploits and they  were active in that regard. I  have openly said that if they were not comfortable with sex they can say that and I'd understand... but that's not it apparently, the reason for not doing it was in the way they saw me.

Not sure if this is relevant - but I'm from Chennai, India, and it is a pretty conservative city in general, which may also be why these girls saw casual sex with me as something like 'corrupting the pure clean soul' ; which I also find amusing since I consider myself faaaar from a clean soul. Anyway, after a point, I do feel like I need to seek answers... I hope any woman here has said something along these lines to guys before and can maybe enlighten me on something I'm too blind to see.