Woman wont stop messaging me even though I've told her that I'm not interested. How do I tell her to stop?
This will be a slightly long post but I want to get all the relevant details in. I had a one night stand with a woman several months ago. I've known her a long time because we went to school together since we were kids, but we were never overly close or friendly. Out of the blue a few months ago she messaged me and we agreed we'd hang out or go for a walk sometime, this never happened but then she messaged me again one evening and asked me to come over. I thought this might be a booty-call but I wasn't sure because I hadn't actually seen or talked to this person in a looooong time. So I went over and she was all over me from the second she answered the door and we had sex. I could tell she'd had a couple of drinks, probably for nerves, but as the evening progressed her behaviour got stranger. When I got dressed to leave she got really annoyed and upset and sat in the middle of the floor and not wanting to leave her there I agreed to stay and watch some TV. She kept trying to make me drink wine with her but I was still quite adamant that I was going to drive home at some point. I'm quite an anxious person so I was coming up with worst-case scenarios for what she might do or say if I refused to stay so I agreed to stay the night before leaving in the morning.

She messaged me the next day to apologise for acting so strange and asked if we could see each other again soon, I said we could but it would only be as friends. She said ok and that she'd give me some space but then kept trying to ask me out for drinks etc. on multiple occasions after that, essentially trying to ask me on dates. She would message me at really odd times like 2am, leave voice messages and would even ring me at similar times and hang up before I could answer (which I never tried to). Even later after I told her I was seeing someone else and that I didn't want to give her the wrong impression, she would still try and ask me to go for a drink with her. She asked me over to her place again and I told her that what be too awkward and inappropriate for me. There was some banter too about dating apps and how dating nowadays is a shit show but mainly I was trying not to reply to her because it was getting to the point that I was getting anxious every time my phone buzzed because of the fear that it was her again.

At this point I changed my WhatsApp settings so that she couldn't tell if I was reading her messages and I just stopped replying. I was still getting odd messages from her including one where she accused me of scamming her which was just bizarre so I decided to block her. Every few weeks I unblock her to see if she's still messaging me and she is! Just random 'how are you?'s etc. but she's talking to nobody and this has been going on for months!!

The whole thing has made me extremely anxious and I'm scared of what to say to her because I'm not sure how mentally stable she is... on the other hand I feel like if the genders were reversed then this kind of behaviour would be deemed as some sort of cyber-stalking and it wouldn't be crazy to get the police involved. I don't hate her or hold any major grudge but I do need her to stop. If I could go back in time, I'd have just stayed home that night... What should I do?

Edit: I know the obvious solution is just to block her indefinitely but what if I bump into her in the real world??