Do I need to find a new Dunkin? I (25F) am a regular at a Dunkin near my house, and there is a man who is making me uncomfortable (40s+?)
Backstory: there is a combo 7-11 / Dunkin Donuts a few blocks from my home that I stop at to get coffee/snacks for the day on my way to work in the morning. I get the same things 3 times a week and have become a regular here. 
About a month after I had been going here, I went to take my trash out of my car and toss it in the can outside the store. There are two trash cans on either side of the doors, and the one closest to me had two men standing on either side of it while the one further away had no one. It was cold, rainy, and I didn't want to be rude (I know). I went to the closest trash can near me. One of the men offered to grab it for me, and I gave it to him for him to toss. There was no more interaction than a thank you from me (mind you, I am wearing my mask because Covid, he isn't). 
This becomes a routine, and I don't think too much of it honestly. Then, a few weeks later I didn't work one of my normal days (I also have a 4 day weekend). The following Monday, he said he missed me and asked where I'd been. I simply said I didn't work those days, and went on into the store. When I came out he introduced himself to me and told me to have a wonderful day, and called me his princess. He also touched my elbow as he said this  I didn't like any of this, but I didn't say anything. Instead I tensed up, said you too, got in my car, and left. 
At this point, I recognized that he was crossing boundaries that I was not comfortable with. The next few weeks nothing new happened, and many times he had many people around so he was preoccupied with them and/or bad weather. 
The reason I've finally decided to post is because of this morning. As I was leaving, he said something along the lines of having a good day, and leaned in for a side hug type thing - I am holding two coffees so my hands are full and when he does this I tend to just tap elbows. Today, he kissed my cheek. I noped out and left.  
I know I need to do something, but I don't know what. I have thought about having my partner come with me to get coffee in the morning, I'd just drive us over and take him home before I go to work, after I got coffee. I feel like the easiest thing to do would be to go to a different Dunkin, which really bums me out because of the other relationships I've formed with the employees there. However, I live less than a quarter mile from this store, and my car faces the street - so I'm concerned he could find out where I live, easily. 
I don't know. Help? 


Update: I want to say thank you for everyone who's given advice, I really appreciate it. I went this morning with my boyfriend. My boyfriend also speaks Spanish, so he spoke to him (in a friendly way) but I don't know what was said exactly. He respected my bf and didn't make any moves to touch me. We'll see what happens I guess 

Tldr: creepy guy outside Dunkin/7-11 that is crossing my boundaries, but I do not know how to protect myself and move forward properly.