I(F25) just found out I am going to be VERY rich soon. What do I do?
I created a new id for this post as my friends and family are aware of my other id and actually follow me there. Sorry if the formatting is all over the place as I am on my phone.

I am unable to sleep as I am literally giddy with excitement. A large part of me is still not able to believe it, honestly. I am going to be SO hated by some people in my extended family, but they will have to just live with it I guess. I am a waitress and I get minimum wage + tips, and y'all know how that goes. I am typing this out from my bed less than 3 feet away from my roommate who is fast asleep. She has no idea as I have told no one yet.

It is a HUGE sum of money and I will receive it in the next 3 weeks or so. I have some plans - go back to school and finish my MBA, probably invest some of it, and spend very little or none of it to begin with. I have not even thought of quitting my job(as sucky as it is) because I do not want anyone to think that I have fallen into such good fortune.

I don't think I will have to move to a different city, though. A bunch of people will be unhappy, but I know they will not do anything to ensure I don't get the money. An aunt knows (AFAIK she is the only one who does), and she has been calling since yesterday afternoon. I left a message that we can talk later, but she is persistent. I feel like I should block her as I know that she will receive just $75k. She was very hopeful that she would receive more as she always talked about sending her 4 kids to 'really good' colleges, and that she 'deserved it as she has multiple kids who were raised with good Christian values.' She hates that I am agnostic. 

What do I do? Should I engage a lawyer? Are financial advisors worth it?

Some details: I am in the US and an only child. My parents are divorced. I am on good terms with my Dad. My Mother ran off with her lover to Canada 8 years ago, and has since married him and they have 3 kids. I moved back home when lockdown hit, and moved out again just 3 months ago. I am single and have no children.