As soon as my friend turned 18, her uncle confessed that he likes her. He has been getting touchy with her lately. She can't tell anyone in her household out of fear of breaking family bonds.
Her uncle and aunt lives with them, they neglect their baby and forces my friend to babysit. After my friend turned 18, she noticed that he was getting kinder (frequently giving gifts, food, sweets).

One day, her aunt was having a haircut on the lower floor. My friend was babysitting on the floor above and he went inside the room. He started saying several things such as, "I didn't mean to start liking you. Hope you don't get mad, hope things don't change. I wasn't planning on telling you, but I feel like I'm about to explode. Don't tell anyone else, this is just between us. Don't hide from me." She started panicking but she wanted to look calm. He approached her closer and touched her nose saying, "You are so cute".

She was about to leave the room, but he stopped her and told her to hug him. She said she tried so hard to get away but he was gripping tighter and it hurt her. The worse part is, he moaned.

She told me she can't tell anyone else in the family since she knows that their bonds will break. She also does not want the baby to have a broken family. She said she has to deal with this alone and stay away from him instead. But how could that be possible when they live in the same house?

Please please help her. I don't know what advice to give and I'm crying, I don't want her to feel unsafe in her own house. I told her to think about herself too and never let his words get in her head. Please help.

=====================

Update: Thank you everyone for the advices, I am currently trying to read them all. She said she will leave as soon as face to face classes resume. She's preparing to record encounters with her uncle and is planning to speak up after holidays end. We also followed your advice to lock her doors from now on.

Some of you guys said that this is his way of testing her boundaries and how far he can take it. I can't believe I didn't realize this sooner and it makes so much sense I fucking hate him. Currently buying her hidden cams, padlocks, pepper spray, and more. If there's anything else that I should buy please inform me!

Another update (Dec 27): Her parents will get her a dorm as soon as face to face classes resume. My friends and I told her to FaceTime us anytime she ever feels uncomfortable or when she wants to go out her room. She also has a hidden camera now. Thank you all.