My friend attempted suicide and is depressed after getting out of a toxic relationship. How can I help her ?
I don't know if this is the sub for this kinda question. Please tell me what sub should I post to instead of this if this isn't where I should be. English is not my first language so please ignore any typos or grammatical errors.

My friend (18F) got into a relationship with a younger guy(17M) earlier this year. After the honeymoon phase was over in a couple of months both of them started to fight very often and she was always patching up some issue. It got to the point when all their relationship was just fights and solving those fights. That too only from my friend's end as the guy took no initiative to keep the relationship on. 

The only thing going for the two of them was sex(sorta sex ?). They were both virgins initially and only made out and gave oral but as she told me, that was the only good part about their relationship. Even if both of them were extremely pissed at each other, they still hooked up.

She was already suffering with some mental health issues due to her toxic household even before starting the relationship so clearly she wasn't in the adequate mental state to lead a truly healthy relationship. She kept ignoring the red flags and just held on to the hope that it'll get better, putting the blame on things like not being able to meet or talk all that often. Even with this meeting and talking thing she was the only one making efforts. Whenever he got free time he always spent it with his friends instead of meeting her even once. They went on for weeks without seeing each other and only talking on texts. 

Eventually the guy broke up with her over an extremely dumb reason, probably using that as an excuse. After the break-up they were still on talking terms so the guy even told her that he had no feelings towards her and was rather trying to convince himself that he was in love throughout the relationship. She came to know that he was talking shit about her to his ex(the girl he was with right before my friend).

Even after all this shit she decided to get in a fwb relationship with him after the break-up. I naturally adviced her against it because she was in love with that dude and he just wanted sex. When both had entirely different expectations the differences were bound to catch up eventually but she ignored what I told her and went on with it. 

Now me(18M) and her are very close and have known each other for more than 4yrs. I'm also very close to her family and specially her mother. She used to lie at her home that she'll be hanging out with me and went to hook up with her dude because her stereotypical Indian family wasn't cool with the idea of having sexual relationships outside marriage. 

Now while her fwb shit is flying good. She used to call me few times a week, asking me to cover up for her. Several times her mom had called me to cross check whether she was telling the truth and I had to lie to her obviously. Now my friend is the type of women who keeps sex in very high regard and only does it with someone she loves. Infact he was the only guy she had ever been this intimately involved. So obviously she cannot treat sex as merely physical. She even accepted that she was in that fwb relationship out of love for that dude.

One day she tells me she's going to meet him again and in the evening calls to tell me that she lost her virginity with him. Now obviously I would've adviced her against it but now I didn't say anything because she did what she had to do. At this point I had stopped advicing her with anything because it had no effect on her whatsoever. She just listened and headed ten steps further towards self destruction. 

Now even though we were close we had periods when we didn't talk for weeks because both of us were busy with our lives. After she lost her virginity a similar phase came on. I was going out of the city for the rest of the year to my father's so after probably two weeks of no convo I visited her to see her off. She wasn't at home so I just bid goodbyes to her grandparents and aunty. When I was on the door, about to leave her aunts calls me back and makes me sit on the couch and tells me "don't panic about what I'm about to tell you but [my friend] is in the hospital" and is safe now. She didn't tell me directly but just said that my friend had taken the "wrong step" but I got the idea. She told me that her family hasn't told any outsider but me because I was so close to them. 

I couldn't visit her in the hospital because I had to leave in an hour. I called her mother a couple times afterwards to check up on her but nothing further. A couples months go by without us having any interaction, all her socials were down. I was also very busy with my college admission and preperations so I couldn't call her. 

Now after two months I call her this evening. She picks up and sounds very dejected and bleak. I asked her about what had happened and she says "nothing I just fell ill. Had a heavy period flow and needed to be hospitalized". I calmly told her not to lie and that her mother and aunty had told me what she had done so she went silent and said "ohkay anyways yeah it took me a lot of effort to get over it and I don't want to talk about that". I asked her again that won't she even tell me what happened but she refused. Later upon asking specifically she told me she wasn't in touch with that guy at all. 

It was awfully obvious on the call that she was in too much pain and just holding up an okay face. She didn't laugh at any of my jokes when she used to go crazy at the worst one's before. Not asking anything about me and giving the most short worded answers like it was an interview. I hung up after few minutes. 

Mind you this is the women who used to tell me every little thing about her life, relationship and family and now she's refusing to utter a single word about such a huge tragedy she had went through.

Now it's not very tough to deduce that she had attempted suicide and whatever happened with that dude had a huge part in it. It's an obvious possibility that he may have refused to talk her after they had sex and that completely broke her and lead her to making this decision. 

Can I help her in any way or do anything to better her condition ?

TL;DR A friend already suffering from mental illnesses got stuck in toxic relationship and ended up heavily damaging herself to the point of attempting suicide. She's extremely hurt now and acts dejected and bleak. Refuses to talk about any of her problems at all. Being her very close friend I need advice on how can I help her.