Should I (28f) break up with my boyfriend (45m) because of his friend?
My boyfriend and I have been together for about a year and a half. Our relationship is great, our biggest issue has actually been about his friends. Most of his friends dislike me, due to my age primarily. It used to bother me, but he’s assured me that it doesn’t matter because he’s happy so he doesn’t really care what they think, so I’ve gotten past that. Some of them have even become friendlier with me and accepted me. However, his best friend (54m) vehemently hates me and I feel the same way about him. Personally, I just try not to interact with him as much as possible. When we do have to be around each other because of my boyfriend, he constantly makes snide comments and really degrading remarks towards me. I just ignored him and try to keep the peace, because he’s important to my boyfriend and according to him that’s “just how he is.” I’ve recently learned something about him however that I find really disturbing and it’s made me feel icky about my relationship. His friend is dating a girl who is 24. They’ve been together since she was 18. Kind of weird, but perfectly legal so who am I to judge? Prior to this relationship, he had a girlfriend who they constantly joke about because she cheated on him. I just found out that he had known her since she was 8 years old, and started dating her as soon as she turned 18. He was 36 at the time. They were together for over ten years before they broke up. Supposedly he was a “big brother” to her before she was 18 because she had a horrible family. He also apparently dated a 14 year old when he was 25. Finding out about all of this has made me feel extremely creeped out and it’s made me feel weird about being with my boyfriend as he apparently condones it and doesn’t see a problem. He says he doesn’t agree with some of the stuff his friend does/says, but it’s not his life. His friend means a lot to him because they’ve known each other since they were in their 20’s and his friend is the only one who helped him through his really bad depression when he was contemplating suicide. While I understand that, I still think there is a line. If a random guy did the things his best friend is doing, I know my boyfriend would think he was an asshole and a creep but he doesn’t see it because it’s his best friend. I understand he can’t do anything to change his friend, but I don’t understand why he would want someone in his life when they behave that way. Personally, I cut ties with a close friend of mine when she started a relationship with someone who had been convicted of rape because it was disgusting to me. I don’t want to push him to do anything he doesn’t want to do, but him being fine with gross stuff just because it’s his best friend really upsets me. Is this enough of a problem to bring up/break up over or am I overreacting?