How do I talk to my Girlfriend (F26) about loosing weight? (M28)
EDIT: First of all I just want to say from the bottom of my heart thank you for all responses. Almost everyone was helpful and gave great insight. I realize I have been focusing on the wrong thing, I should not be as focuses on her physical healthier and instead do all I can to to support her and help her figure out what she is going through mentally. That may sound like a no brainer to some but for me, a person who handles stress differently, it's not as easy to see. Thabks again for all the comments!

 Okay okay, please don't read that title and assume I am a fat shaming jerk. I am genuinely looking for input, and if that is don't say anything then say that, I'm looking for advice...

 My girlfriend and I have been dating for three years, when we first started dating she was very physical! Runs, loved doing handstand push-ups, enjoyed a sweat and accomplishment of a great workout. It's one of the things we initially clicked over, as I am an avid crossfiter. But the last year she has given up almost entirely and any exercise and eating healthy.

 I know it has an effect on her mental well being as we both agreed (not so much anymore) working out it great for mental health. She doesn't have the same drive she used to and she has gained quite a bit of weight. This has effected many aspects of our lives. We play league volleyball with friends and she is not having as much fun because it is sometimes too much for her. Walking up stairs if even a chore now as we have to stop halfway up if there are three or more flights of stairs. She went from wanting to be strong mentally and physically to seeing it as a waste of time, even saying that I workout to much (I am really not trying to sound like a real "Chad" right now, im just explaining my perspective).

 I want to talk to her about working out again or maybe doing a diet but I don't feel like I can. She has had issues with bulimia when she was much younger and I don't want to upset her or make her think I want that for her. I have even tried doing workout challenges as example but she tells me I'm wasting my time with them (for me not her).

We have always talked about being a power couple (as a joke of course) and being the best we can be and now she has completely given up on it. I want her to feel confident again, have energy, be more like herself. But I am so afraid of having a conversation about it because I do not want to her to spiral, thinking I don't love her anymore because she has gained weight. She is very very sensitive, I just know a talk like this would hurt.

This not just me saying "I want a smoking hot, fit gf" (add tone for comedic effect) I want my strong, confident girlfriend back who is healthy and happy! How can I talk to her about this...

EDIT: First of all thanks for all the feedback everyone I really appreciate it!

PLEASE READ!

Second, I wish I could redo my title! This is NOT about her weight, this is about regaining a healthy lifestyle again. I know health can mean many different things, and please know I am very supportive and loving to her. I am not looking for a get "out of jail" "tell your girlfriend shes fat card". This come from a place love where i want to encourage her to he healthier again, like she used to be.

EDIT EDIT: I am seeing almost all comments saying it is depression. I hear all of you, and I'm listening. I am starting to see this should be my main focus. Thank you all for the feedback!