Should I seek another job? Career Impasse in my mid-40s
I have been at my current healthcare recruiter job for 3 years. I have generally really enjoyed my job, but our big (good) boss is leaving. 

We are very concerned about who will be the replacement.  I have not been promoted in these 3 yrs and there was only a next level possibility of being promoted for the first time this summer. Not all teams had that opportunity, including mine. I liked my book if business and felt that was more important at the time.

The problem is I wasn't promoted at my previous job either and left partially because of it. I actually interviewed for that role and they hired 3 way younger, cheapee people who apparently all left not that lomg after.

I love my immediate boss and.team. For the first time in my career, I work 100% from home snd finally have 6 weeks of vacation (never had that much in my entire career). I am an only child with aging parents and we have a child too. This job allows me the freedom to take care of both. 

We only got a little across the board raise (not merit based) this year. Given it's healthcare during a pandemic,  we are lucky we got anything.  I know other hospitals froze pay, cut benefits,  furloughed/laid off people. So i am lucky. 

I have never been particularly ambitious,  but would like to at least progress somehow. Since we have been remote for 2 yrs due to the pandemic,  it's been very challenging to network within the company.  We have been so overloaded with recruitment, I have exceeded goals, etc. I work so hard, which I unfortunately have come to understand too late: that will get you nowhere. 

I still make under 6 figures and been working 20 yrs. Now that I am almost 45, I am scared for my career future.  I don't get recruiters trying to hire me through LinkedIn anymore and I know there are local openings. 

It seems everyone says leave to get more $, but I didn't get much of an increase when I got this job. 

I don't think many employers are interested in investing in me because i don't have much career progression. 

I am afraid I will be one of those 50 yr olds who gets laid off and can't get rehired despite multiple certifications in my field, great performance metrics, etc. 

Being a mid 40s woman should NOT be the end of your career, but I am in this field. I know ageism is heavily prevalent.

My husband is in the government and doesn't understand my concerns. 

I feel so lost.