Considering a career change into tech from geology
TL;DR: Hi, I'm a geologist that's pretty jaded to the industries that need a geologist. Mining, construction, O&amp;G, usually are pretty terrible for a variety of reasons. Mostly long hours, low pay, and hazardous environments. I've been seeing a lot of stuff about how tech can be a providing career in terms of pay, time, quality of life, etc... and I'm very seriously considering a career change. What do?

&amp;#x200B;

Long version: I went to college and studied geology, I was passionate but lazy. I really wanted to do something with volcanology. Instead I found work mudlogging for O&amp;G and decided I hated the hours, lifestyle, and how little of my education I actually used. I got into construction inspections in the SE and my quality of life improved, but this was more an engineering position that geology. Eventually I would get "moved", not promoted, into that companies environmental department. Environmental was my dream job, until I saw how many projects I had to maintain and their deadlines to meet. I worked hard but after 11 months I was let go. 

After a month of floating on savings I got into another construction inspections gig with a company that has been fantastic. Making 3k more than I was at my last place, my superiors are always in reach and helpful, they're always talking about advancement, they want to put me through additional training, they want me to ask about joining other departments, they got me a nice work truck, the contractors are FAR more bearable than the last job, etc... This place has only been great to me. The issue is I'm salaried at 50k billing for 55+ hours a week, working nearly every Saturday. I don't even know if I'll have that day off or not until Friday afternoons, making plans impossible to make.

About a week into this job I pulled up on site and just went, "Wow, I really don't want to do this ever." So I've begun saving as much money as possible to quit, live on savings while I go through a coding bootcamp, and then up to 5 months after that to find a position. I've been doing self study in the meantime through Codecademy and trying to pin down exactly what role I want to work towards.

I would like to stay in Geology if possible but in my current role I've found myself indifferent to just not using that information. My current company has suggested if I ask, I could be moved up into their GeoTech department, or even environmental should the department head want me. Again, this place has been great. However, I don't see myself happy staying in this industry.

Do I double down on trying for a master's and chase those mostly stationary volcanoes? Do I take a coding bootcamp, pick up coding as work, feel no passion for it, and live my geology dreams on weekends and vacations? Do I stay at my current company and move up? How many other avenues have I not considered? Which career path choice is the "right" one? Help?