New job promised as managerial. Actually has zero autonomy. Should I quit?
I'm a little short of my first month anniversary at a new job "managing" marketing communications at a tech company.

Prior to starting this job, I'd been consulting for a number of years. For whatever reason, this job came up on LinkedIn and, as I had just begun job-hunting, I said that I would send in an application.

I presented myself cautiously during the job interview. 

While I was certain that I had good experience to offer, I didn't want to take a step back professionally. I also didn't want anything like a repetition of my last job which essentially consisted of a boss assigning me to-do lists on a project management system. I explained that having a sense of ownership over some aspect of the company's marketing was essential to me staying motivated and feeling like I was growing.

I made that expectation as clear as daylight during the first interview which culminated in a 40 hour one on one with my (now) boss. So I have been more than disappointed to see that .... it seems like I've been lied to.

The ownership of the part of marketing I was promised ... hasn't materialized. In fact, the strategy for next year has already been decided upon which means that they also knew this during the job interview. As before, I've been plugged into a project management system from just about day one. My boss assigns me tasks without any consultation. My job is simply to do them without asking questions, making suggestions, or generally creating any friction.

I started the job with quite some enthusiasm so began peppering the team's Slack channels with ideas that I was eager to explore. To my dismay, these have either been shot down or put on the shelf "for consideration during our sync meeting next year." I get the feeling that my boss wants to continue with business as normal and that any suggestions for shaking things up are thoroughly unwelcome.

I also have daily stand ups with my boss and, in general, find her over-communicative and obsessed with responsiveness. This was another thing that I made clear wasn't the kind of working environment I was aiming for. I'm supposed to jump on new tasks in five minutes. If I don't respond in that time frame she'll escalate to the next channel to see whether I've seen the task assignment.

On the plus side, the job is well paid, the company and colleagues all seem nice. But I feel like I'm essentially a well paid task monkey. I've already raised the issue with my boss and her boss and can tell that it's all falling on deaf ears. Her idea of management is just telling a subordinate exactly what to do and when. There's nothing collaborative about it. They see this as normal.

I was doing pretty well during the job interview process and my gut is telling me that with 8 years' experience I can do a lot better than this and find a role that's a mixture of execution and ... ideation. Should I follow my instinct and reach for the exit sign?