I resigned three weeks ago, now I’m being offered a significant raise to stay. How to navigate?
I currently work as a contractor at a tech company in finance. I have been in this position for two years and have made significant business impact during my term - $100 million of direct savings, revenue recapture, and billing correction. I have been recognized for my success and been told I am in the “number one position in line” for conversion from contractor to full time. This has been the sentiment for about a year. Last year, instead of being hired full time, I received a 40% pay bump to $45/hr.

Four months ago, my then-manager left the company. Our team is small, and I was asked to take over his role. I was told that they did not plan to backfill him, and they would be offering me an enticing salary. I was worried about the enormous workload as I was already working 55+ hours a week. I planned to wait long enough to see the offer.

Things took time, and it was over two months before I was finally given the proposed salary. They came to the table with a max offer of $124k and $10k sign on bonus. I immediately refused that offer, as it would be effectively a pay cut. As a contractor I am paid time and a half as overtime. I expressed frustration with the workload as I was now working upwards of 80 hours a week, having higher responsibilities, and my new manager asking me to take even more on than asked of my previous manager.

I submitted my resignation citing workload and compensation. Two weeks after I resigned, I was asked if I would stay for $160k, and that they would hire a competent resource to take over my old responsibilities fully.

I am good at what I do and have established myself well at this company. I feel that I would be lucky to make $100k elsewhere, given my experience. My value is due to being a SME for a very critical role. I enjoy the work I do, though not when I have to work 80 hours a week. I am tempted to give things a try but am coming here for advice. I had been complaining for months about needing help and wanting to know what the salary would be. It took me committing to leave the company for action to be taken.

I’d also appreciate advice/thoughts on negotiation. I feel that the ball is in my court and plan to ask for:

$168k base salary

15% sign on bonus = $25,200

Proration of four months working in the position = $26,000

Total cash sign on bonus = $51,200

I’d also ask for $32,000 in company stocks

I have an excellent relationship with my former manager and current one. My former manager let me know that the company reached out to him asking if he’d come back and he asked for even more than I did. While he was here he was making $96k, although we both know that he was severely underpaid.

Thanks for reading all this