How can I make it clear my company's counteroffer is beyond insulting without burning a bridge?
Let me start off by saying that if they had offered this months ago without me threatening to leave I probably would have taken it. I currently make $42K as an accounting/payroll/HR admin with 4 days in office (I had to beg for months to even get 1 day WFH). This job is so disorganized but now that I've optimized most of my work flows I typically average less than 2 hours of daily work. Pretty easy to coast but I'm beyond bored and exhausted by the lack of accountability and guidance. No room to grow. They claim they have plans for me but nothing concrete or that they're willing to commit to on paper.

I recently received a job offer (well 3 actually) for $75K fully remote with double the PTO and lower health care costs at another company. I told my company that I was offered $75K and the initially countered with $50K 5 days in office, then $60k 5 days in office, then $65k and 1 day in office (but with the option for them to make me come in more days if they feel it's necessary). My boss made a big show of how the SVP's didn't even want to go to $60K but they really fought for me because they want to show me, they're willing to invest in me. They've also already posted my job in case I don't take the offer (I can't imagine why they would have doubts). 

I know the most professional thing is to just decline the offer and quietly wrap up my work, but it makes me feel like I have no self-respect. This is a place that has treated me like garbage and has provided no support. I was the highest performer in my department and the lowest paid person in the entire company. Now they want me to start documenting everything I do, and create tons of references materials, give them a breakdown of what my weekly schedule looks like, and pretty much make sure the next person is setup for success. I know this is incredibly petty but I don't want the transition to be smooth because I want them to understand just how much value I brought and what they actually lost.

Since quitting in a blaze of glory and refusing to cooperate with any transition plans would be highly unprofessional is there any way for me to start checking out from work without it resulting in poor references?

Edit: they’ve now cancelled all my approved time off requests

Edit 2: Just told them I was exposed to Covid a couple of days ago and everyone in the group tested positive. They told me I still have to come in office until I provide a positive test result