How do I change careers in my 30's after having gotten a "useless degree" in my 20's?
A little bit about me. I graduated with a Bachelor's in Music in 2012. I thought I wanted to either teach or play music for a living, but the reality of all that hit me hard after graduation. It's a long story, but to sum up I've done a few odd jobs here and there, but mainly done administrative/data entry work since then. 

I find the work bearable, even enjoyable sometimes. What I appreciate most about this type of work is the steady, predictable pay and good work/life balance. I essentially work Mon-Fri, 8-5 and that's it. No phone calls or emails after work hours. So when I'm not working, I'm able to simply enjoy the free time I have.

What I don't enjoy is the pay. I'm simply getting to a point in my life where it's not enough anymore. I'm 33 years old, making 15 an hour basically zero net worth at all to my name. I have an emergency fund, and that's it. No investements, retirement, don't own my own home. Luckily I own my own car, but that's about it. 

I just feel like I need a change. I want to better my financial situation. I've done some research into going back to school to study data science/analytics as I've always had an interest in technology. And the work/life balance seems to be really nice. But I'm hesitant to go back to school at my age and rack up more student loan debt.

So, I guess that's it essentially. I'm just feeling really lost right now and could use some guidance from someone who has perhaps been in a similar situation. 

And while a do want to better my financial situation, I don't want a career where I'm expected to work 40+ hours a week, taking calls and emails on the weekends, etc. I still value my personal happiness and sanity, and that would drive me insane. Now, I understand some sacrifices will need to be made in the short-term to better my situation (2-3 years), but overall I'm also striving for a good work-life balance as well. 

Any advice Reddit?