My manager lets me do whatever I want (no feedback or career plan)
I am working at this company for a little over 2 years. My manager is happy with my work and lets me decide my hours, which projects I pick up, how I handle them, how I communicate with internal and external stakeholders, etc. 

I never get anything other than generic positive feedback, which is good for my ego but I’m getting tired of hearing “you’re doing well, I hope you are happy here” on our 1:1s. I tried asking for specific feedback, like “what do you think of this documentation/ presentation/ whatever I created?” But then all I get are generic comments like I should change an image, or split stuff into 2 Excel columns instead of 1, etc (nothing really helpful for my personal development). I reach out to him for advice when I have an issue but that rarely happens and when it does, I usually need someone to intervene or a decision to be made, so no constructive feedback comes from it (I tried asking “how do you think I could have anticipated or avoided this situation?” But I get a “that’s a good question. What do you think?”).

I don’t have a clear career plan but I do have a budget for courses and books and so far I decided how to spend it because if I ask my manager what he thinks is valuable for me or the team, he just reverts the question back to me. Before Covid, I would approach my manager’s boss in the water cooler and ask what I could do and she’d recommend me books and courses, but I don’t get many opportunities to talk to her anymore so I’m on my own again (I research what certifications are relevant for my field and talk to people who are in a similar role, but they’re all from outside of my company and don’t work with me, so it’s never advice specific for the industry I work at or my personal improvement).

I really do appreciate the freedom of deciding which projects I should pick up, what I should study and how I get things done, but at the same time I feel like nobody in the company gives me feedback and I stopped improving because I’m already happy with the way I work according to my own clearly biased opinion.

I’m not sure what I’m seeking here because I’m happy at the company, but I feel like this situation has been going on for 2+ years and it doesn’t look like it’ll improve anytime soon (unless I drive the change), so: how do I keep improving myself?

For context, I’m a BA in a medium-sized company and my manager is a very skilled and experienced person that probably never dreamed of being a leader but got in this position after many years of hard work.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks in advance for any insights on this!