Told boss I’d like to start a side hustle to make extra money and it didn’t go well. What should I do?
I feel the need to vent and receive advice here because I am too embarrassed and confused to discuss it with anyone irl. 


To start I’m an experienced engineer with 3-5 years experience in various engineer roles in tech. A few weeks ago I realized I could make extra money by starting a business that does various technology related work for commercial and residential. Like most companies, you must disclose your side hustle to ensure no conflicts of interest are present to prevent breach of contractual agreements.

Basically I went above my bosses head to disclose the information to my department President as I thought this was the person to go to. My President told me that another department actually really needs someone like me and encouraged me to meet with my CTO to discuss the opportunity. I met with my CTO the next day and he was excited for me to be pursuing this role but also said i should think if I truly want my own side business or not because he would not want to discourage me from pursuing an entrepreneurial endeavor. Basically he told me he’d get me in the position if I passed an exam which I had no problem doing.

The next day comes and my boss comes back from vacation, and I thought it was courteous to disclose to him what I had discussed with our president and CTO. 

He completely went off the rails and basically attacked me for going above his head and didn’t understand why I would even do such a thing. I told him I wanted to start a side business for more money and thought I was supposed to go to the President to sign off on it. He said it seems like I was trying to go penny pinching. He then proceeded to say “why wouldn’t I just think about working at X company for extra money instead of starting a side business,” even though I work 50-55 hours a week as is. He then questioned the CTO opening a door for me to pursue a new career that pays a lot more money. I was in complete shock, and he sort of back tracked in the end. He lastly said well whatever you need to do for yourself I’ll help you get what you need for your exam. I said okay thanks and that was the end of it. I’ve been so absorbed mentally in that conversation that I can’t even think about starting the exam for some reason. I just need some advice on what to do in this current situation. There doesn’t seem to be any bad blood between us but my blood boils every time I think about this conversation. It makes me not even want to work at this company anymore even though everyone else was supportive. 

Tldr; told my boss our cto offered me a new opportunity for more money if I passed an exam instead of me starting a side business for extra cash. Boss basically disrespected me and made me feel worthless because I went over his head and didn’t choose to apply to x retail company for a side job instead even though I’m overworked as is. And yes we have an open door policy.