boss lied to me—do i have to give 2 weeks' notice?
crossposting from r/askamanager. 

hey all,

using a burner for obvious reasons. i've worked at a nonprofit for a little over two years. my job is extremely stressful—my work is external facing, and i have multiple hard deadlines a day. it's been made worse by a lack of staffing. my original boss, the director of my department, left 15 months ago and hasn't been replaced. i've taken on a lot of his work with no raise, promotion, or support. my current boss is a random director from another department. for all intents and purposes, i run a major vertical and manage myself. i have grown a LOT in this role, and feel grateful, but it has also taken a toll!

since july, i've been experiencing pain directly related to my work responsibilities. working is challenging. it's hard for me to take time off because my role is technical and only one other person, also hugely overworked, can cover for me. in late october i hit a breaking point. my manager, who knew i had been to several doctors who told me i had severe symptoms, but who had yet to pinpoint what was wrong, apologetically told me that the organization's policy was i could not take medical leave unless i had a clear diagnosis. i spent november in a haze, a total wreck, just trying to get through every day. i made mistakes i had never made before.

fast forward to december. i learned from someone else this was not the policy at all, and that symptoms were enough all along. when my manager learned i was sniffing around, he edited a month-old google doc to make it look like he had given me the right info from the start. as i melted down in public, he had been telling the ED i simply didn't want to go on leave. i talked to the ED who was hugely apologetic, said i should leave for medical leave now, that it had been a huge misunderstanding, that my manager felt "terrible," and that when i get back, we should work on "healing out relationship." (my manager and the ED have worked together for a very long time.)

good news: i'm on medical leave for the rest of the month and the pain is already significantly reduced.

the medical leave policy was not written down anywhere i could access it. i have no idea if my manager told me the wrong thing on purpose (this is an especially busy time for us, and i have a crucial role in end of year programmatic activities), or if it was an accident and the rest was poorly executed CYA, but either way, it caused me a great deal of physical suffering and mental anguish and i don't think i can get over it.

for a long time i considered this the best job i've ever had, but at this point, i have no interest in continuing to work here. i have lucrative contract work lined up for jan 1 that would allow me to stay afloat while working significantly fewer hours. all of my work is already extremely well documented. i don't want to leave without notice, but i also don't think i can look my manager in the face again. this is the second time he's done something like this—the first was a serious wage theft issue, also cleaned up apologetically by the ED—and the trust/respect is beyond broken. 

so basically: i don't want to leave without notice and burn all professional bridges (i really like the ED and the organization's mission), i don't want to deal with my manager again, and i'm concerned that if i give notice now, i won't be able to finish the rest of my medical leave, which really has been helping me heal.

where do i go from here?? appreciate any ideas.