Getting frustrated people don't understand that yes I actually have to eat at very certain times
Okay this is just a minor annoyance but it's really starting to get on my nerves. I have multiple medications that are time sensitive, need to be taken the same time everyday and need to be taken with a meal. So yes I need to eat meals at the same time everyday. No I can't just wait an hour until it convenient for you. 

Like when I'm out with people they think I can just wait if they don't want to eat then and I'll just be hungry. No it means I can't take my meds and not getting my meds at the right time messes a lot of stuff up. It's not about being hungry. I'm not even hungry half the time when I eat to take my meds. I just have to in order to take them.

Or like my father will say he's cooking dinner and it will be ready by a certain time but then he decides to go play video games and that the world can run on his schedule and my meds end up being 2 hours late. And if I complain he's gets incredibly angry like I'm trying to control the whole world and demanding he live his life on my schedule. I'm literally just trying to get my medications I need. No matter how many times I explain that this is very time sensitive and I can't just wait to eat when it's convenient for him, I have to eat because my meds have to be at a certain time, he just refuses to accept this. And he continues to get mad about me having to eat at certain times. Like I didn't perscribe myself meds that are required to be taken at the same time every day with a meal. Complain to my doctor or complain to the drug manufacturer for making them needed to be taken this way. But don't complain to me about a situation that is absolutely out of my control.

Also it's not like I suprise people with this. It's the same time everyday. My family knows the time I have to eat. And if I'm going out with people and I'm going to be out when meds are due I make sure to tell them "hey at this time I will need to eat because I have to take medications with food". But everyone still seems to think this is entirely negotiable?