Just fell out of my chair at physical therapy bc their enterance isn’t wheelchair accessible. Why are medical offices and PT places not accessible!?
Just need to rant. We pull into this new physical therapy place that advertises w being wheelchair accessible on their site. And don’t get me wrong, technically they are, but not practically.

The accessible entrance is on the street side where there is only parallel street parking on a very busy street. There is no chance I can park and get my chair out safely parking there. So instead I parked in the lot behind the building which has its own back entrance right next to the handicap parking. I get out, get my chair, and get inside to see 2 large steps going down to the rest of the facility. Fuck.

So we try that trick of doing a wheelie to go down (which honestly was extremely stupid on my part I should’ve just transferred out and moved my chair) and I end up falling completely on my back down the stairs. Physical therapist swarmed around me and we’re all very panicked and when I asked about accessible entrances they said my options are to either walk around the whole building or call them every time I arrive so they can let me in the accessible emergency exit.

This is NOT accessible or ok. It’s a large building on a big city block, not like a single small unit that’s easy to go around. The sidewalks are a death trap that I’m scared will knock me over too but this time in concrete instead of carpet.

Why can’t medical offices just be accessible? Why can’t most public places? I can’t tell you how many businesses and restaurants are “wheelchair accessible” with several steps to get in, weird side entrances that make me feel like scum they don’t want in their business since they can’t make it accessible, small doors that my manual chair will never fit through, uneven floors that I will get caught on, completely crammed in spaces that make it impossible for me to navigate the business without knocking everything over, etc.

WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE???? WHY ARE CRAPPY “AcCeSsIbLe AcCoMoDaTiOnS” PRAISED AND ACCEPTED WHEN THEY STILL EXCLUDE THE COMMUNITY THEYRE MEANT TO HELP?????

This is the 3rd medical office/place I have had access issues at in the last 2 weeks alone. Now I’m just sat here waiting, no one is talking to me or working with me or telling me what’s going on. It’s been 45 minutes since my scheduled appointment time and I’m still just sitting here with no idea what’s going on. I fucking hate the medical system with a fiery passion.