i miss my old life
i’m sure there’s already a million posts like this on this subreddit but i need to vent. this shit isn’t fucking fair. i was only 17 years old. i should’ve been entering my prime and having the time of my life and instead i was busy in hospitals and doctors offices having tests run to try figure out why my health was absolute garbage.

2 and a half years later and i still don’t have all the answers. all i ever see is my friends on social media going out and having fun and doing things with each other that people my age *should* be doing while i’m stuck at home miserable and in pain. 

on top of that all the people that i was close to have gradually grown distant from me because i was constantly cancelling plans and declining offers to go out and i guess it put out the message that i’m not interested in spending time with them. the only people i’m still close to are internet friends and my long distance boyfriend and that’s most likely only because we almost exclusively communicate online so i cant cancel plans.

i would give anything for my old life back. i can’t believe the shit that i used to take for granted and how stupid i was to not look after my health properly. now i can’t even try to heal myself adequately because i’m too nauseous to eat well and too tired to exercise. not to mention i haven’t even got all my diagnoses yet because of how slow the NHS has become so for all i know i could suddenly drop dead from some undiagnosed condition and there’s nothing i can do about it.

the only thing that keeps me going at this point is my family and my boyfriend. i love them so much and i try to be strong for them but it’s just so unfair that i can’t have a regular life with them and i hate feeling like i’m a burden on them.

i hate how unfair everything is and i hate that i can’t just live my life normally. i lost my education, my friends, my career prospects and my happiness to my dysfunctional body and i don’t know how that’s something that i’m ever meant to mentally recover from