Does anyone else notice the casual ablism in sexual culture?
Let me explain. 


 I am a very sex positive. I have helped teach proper sex Ed to grown adults. I firmly believe in people doing what they want as long as it's safe, everyone's consenting, and no minors are involved. I don't think cheating is cool cuz that's abusive to the other party in said relationship. I preach about being safe, getting tested, proper birth control explanations, worked in a sex store with toys &amp; outfits &amp; always educated people on how to stay safe and healthy with said products. I think everyone deserves to feel sexy. No one should be sending unsolicited nudes unless prior discussed in that relationship saying it's okay. Stay safe &amp; educated is the short of the long. 


Something I've noticed in not just media but in our society as well is people infantalize those with disabilities. Mental &amp; physical. I'm often told guys feel gross for being attracted to me because they find out I'm disabled? It makes no sense. I'm a grown woman. If I consent to something sexual then it's my body. It seems like they somehow think they're taking advantage of me? Which is really weird. Kinda creepy too ngl. I'm often assumed to be fully able bodied. I'm not. I struggle with mental and physical ailments. I'm still hot though. I'm allowed to still be hot. I'm a grown ass woman, when I feel good I'm gonna get done up. I'm just me. I'm not my many diagnoses. I'm still human. I think people really just need to stop objectifying others just cuz they find them attractive. That's still a person. My disabilities shouldn't make you feel guilty unless you were already doing something crappy anyway. That's on you, not me haha. Lot of people need to look inward. Fetishization is also a form of objectification. You can totally have fetishes. That's normal and healthy. They come from truama and needing to heal. It your fetishes come from dehumanizing a person then maybe you should seek a therapist. You aren't an inherently bad person for it, just got some stuff you need to work through.


I find it so weird to be told I can't be sexy because I use a cane?? Or any sex scenes in media literally never have people who are apart of said show and story that have people like us? I do see that's shifting though and I'm glad. I want to see more lingerie models with disabilities. I want real diversity and representation. We're human. We're living our lives. We aren't babies who need to be coddled.