Accidentally came out to my mom as FtM. It went well for the most part as in she didn't really care.
Possible Trigger warning. Hopefully it's ok to share this here. 

I'm 25 FtM and actually rarely interact with my mom do to other reasons but I needed some medical information from her so I contacted her. 

During the conversation I accidentally outted myself because of context of what I needed the information for.

She has a TERF/Transmed mentally but mostly passive so I kept away from certain topics with awareness. She actually didn't even remember what transexual was so I had to explain it. Then I found out she didn't know Ftm was a thing but apparently she has a trans friend?

We ended up talking more, mostly me continuing the conversation to get the point across. 


She likes the name I picked and she will use it but I will "always" be my dead name to her. She told me not to get "mad" at her for using dead name if she was mad at me or something and blurts it out. I shut her down but I don't expect much. Mistakes are mistakes but I know what she was implying.

Conversation moved to how much she liked the name and if she had another son she would have actually called him by that name. 'Oh my god, how I'm so like her', etc. 

It makes me hate my choosen name but I'm not going to let her ruin something I put so much thought and effort into.

That's about what I expected of her to go off about and was prepared for.

I wasn't as prepared for the rest.

Apparently I never complained about my troubles of going through puberty as a female. She tried to interrogate me about my gender dysphoria after I mentioned I really did have a lot of trouble. 

Then she accused me of just not wanting my period anymore and offered to pay for a hysterectomy. When I said that wasn't the case she dropped it with a shrug.

Her words being "it was probably for the best because you(me) wouldn't make a great parent and shouldn't have kids" anyways.

At the same time she recommended I get my eggs frozen because I might not be "accepted" by my future husband.

She than went on about how when I came out as Pan that I seemed very "disappointed" that she didn't make a big deal about it. As in hugs, tears, trophy, balloons, confetti, etc. She exclaimed that she was happy I didn't expect anything from her "this time" and laughed.
 
When I came out as pan, it was oh ok whatever, can you leave now I want to finish my show. Which she reiterated word for word because she didn't like how "dramatic" and "attention-seeking" I was being. 

Not going to lie but I WAS disappointed. Not for the reason she thought. In reality it was because I didn't know how she would react and was very understandably anxious. At the end of the day more then anything I was disappointed by her dismissiveness. 

The conversation ended with her making a comment about how she just "can't wait" to tell people I'm ftm, pan and the name I chose, only because the name is something she would have chosen.

So considering who she is and how terrible of a mother she is, I'm happy everything went well enough but I'm also very upset. I think I'm going to cut her back off for a while.

I'm having a hard time and could really use some support.