8yrs of knowing, I came out to my mom, my friends and 4yrs later my dad finally ^~^
So this technically this dates back to when I was 12 almost 8yrs ago(8yrs on this next holiday/b-day) and it has been a long ride... Honestly so middle school was a difficult time, my feelings about myself have been Vogue due to previous bullying from elementary and going into early middle school around second year or something like that I transferred back to the school I was supposed to original go to with all my oldest and best friend from elementary who I call my brother nowadays since he's always been like family and his family also rubbed onto me as well ☺️

So second year still dealing with tons of depression and self loathing and hate for myself being different or being shunned by most of my fellow peers, and just a downright school outcast and goth without makeup and stuff cuz I was supposed to be "dude" about stuff and get over it obviously...

I was into video games day in and day out letting it consume my life as well as the internet, I learn by myself (schools don't really do much on lgbtq+ around here) and stumbled upon the community we all know and love lgbtq+ online in summer of 2013

I looked into things watches vids on YouTube on it ect. Over the following year and stuff being in a relationship with an ex that we had an on-off relationship going on and being that she was my "first" everything, GF, true kiss, lover and more I found out I liked guys as well but... I didn't know what type of guys I liked since I seemed to like the ones with girly stuff (femboys) but didn't really understand that it was femboys or know what they was called, I also subconscious was having this feminine side of me come out more... But it was the same feeling I was getting back when I was last year which I did think I was a girl but brushed it off at the time since that doesn't make sense, I came as bisexual at first with my dad but that one was awkward cuz well knowing my dad he was concerned for me since at the time things wasn't like they are today where everyone is more open than they was in 2013 basically plus people around here was not as forgiving or understanding it was great he accepted me and all but later that year in fall I did come-out to him as a woman and unfortunately I couldn't explain what I felt or... At least I tried but it failed and he told me it was a "phase" I'm going through... That one hurt alot and I didn't understand why I did...

Fast forward to about highschool freshman year my ex and I was dating strong having a lovely relationship, fooling around and stuff, coming to school hair done nice and straight pony tails and actually looking presentable getting good grades again I was feeling on top of things for awhile... But depression the depression I've had for many years was weighting on me and I most did an act I was happy... I wasn't... We broke up again but this breakup was her mother that sent me a text and saying it so... I nearly drove myself to suicide (yikes) and went to therapy, got better alil from the first two sessions but the rest made me feel worse than before with things my therapist was saying (I don't remember) and stopped going after a few more, back to video games as a cooping mechanism and dealing with life met my soulmate from a game (still in a relationship with him today) we was both the same age luckily and just decided to stay together and such~

Fast forward to fall of... 2017 I'm pretty sure, I eventually lost contact with him but didn't notice because of school and he was on PS4(no internet and still don't to this day) one day with the lingering feelings I've had about being a woman, I told my mom during gym class that I stopped doing despite loving that as the only class I ever partake in, texted her and we talked for awhile and she accepted and loves me alot and even calls me her daughter which made me very happy, more than I realized at the time and helped me quite abit, I then around winter walking to school with my "brother" I told him and he was taken aback and honestly shocked, told him about stuff and how and why I felt like it and that was it, he accepted it but kinda didn't get it lol, later on I told a friend that I was trans and he was like "nooooo" but... He was taking the wrong way cuz he thought I would change in my personality lmao I had to explain to him that I wasn't going to stop gaming or being "myself" and me being trans doesn't affect my mentality or personality and I'll just be a female and body but still myself in mind then he calmed and was like "thank God... I thought I was gonna be alone gaming ;w; " love my bestie alot, always been a great guy and my bf know as Well, I got back with my highschool sweetheart basically we dated again very serious in 2019 tho... I had dropped out of school and was working jobs, my brother's birthday is when he decided to get me and her back together since I wanted to see her and talk with her cuz to clear things up in the past, we made up and connected but this time... On another level that was amazing and also destroyed me in the end, I was 17 her 18 dated for a year, great times lived together and loved it, however... 2020 was garbage and going into 2021 things wasn't getting better since she hated being at home and she ended up due to stress from work would take it out on me, it used to be verbal then physical abuse and it was mostly a downward spiral that even with me trying to help her and stop her she'd never listen and make it worse the next time, when I finally told her after she had seem me in a skirt on Facebook post that... "Why are you wearing a skirt!?" I told her and she lost it... Now... She has autism and frankly that had been an "excuse" for her not to understand stuff or process things differently but things on how she process especially with something she disliked alot, she lashed out, destroying stuff and hurting me alot even to the point that I was... Kinda... Sexually assaulted now that I really think back and look at it... Since there was times I didn't consent her for "those" actions and really didn't like it... But she flipped out that day and basically did everything possible to hurt me and afterwards I was hurt and damage to the point, I had been used and manipulated into thinking this is what I desire... Things eventually escalated to me getting hospitalized by her and (still recovering on that by been doing better) from bone fractures, I was basically completely lost without realizing it since I didn't feel anything but only felt hate for her and love... Or what I thought... We was "together" a few times after that which I had to tell on myself to my bf because I always updated him with anything going on and he knew about the abuse for so long that we nearly broke up because I went back to her several times (very thankful he's still with me) and shower me the way, I still have issues with feeling love since all my previous encounters have all become bad memories so... But it's felt different in a good way, now onto "today" Nov. 28th / 21, I was talking with my bf about "personal subjects of ours" then on reddit was looking at other woman again, then found myself checking them out and got upset, and looked at treatment for transitioning (again) looked it up before but forgot and knowing that there is basically nothing for miles not even local that send me over the edge.... My bf txt me saying where was I? And I was so... Hurt earlier, I felt more hurt than the pain I felt in the hospital and it was honestly just... My soul was basically screaming in pain, I hide in walk in closet and slept in there as I was talking with him and he sent me virtual hugs and kisses to try and calm me which it worked and slept, I decided to confess to my dad "again" since I was older and he's been around lesbians and trans woman, gay guys all that stuff but he's homophobic but still loves me no matter what just "not for him" that sorta thing pretty heterosexual I spilled my guts to this man and when he told me that he was thinking about grandma (dead sadly) knowing that I was in so much pain, he cried and he's Lesbian friend CJ is what she's called saw dad and asked what was up explained "what I was going through" and she understood and says she would love to meet me knowing what's up which sounds nice, and when he came home from what he said: who am I going home to? And simple found it as "me" I was sitting on the bed head lowered, definitely a look that I had been sobbing and we he asked was I alright and I said pained no... I'm not... Feeling alil emotional and we hugged for the longest that has been in years no 5-10sec hug this hug was good bite and I cried into his shoulder telling me how he felt about what I texted him and said that he loves me and that I can always talk to him about anything which is true we talked about everything just when younger it was different and he assumed it was a "phase" I get it no hard feelings...

We had a heart to heart about how I'm always going to be his son or kid, and just wants me happy for me, honestly I don't mind if dad calls me son or by my birth name as only people who have known me personally over the many years growing up have that privilege with me, we talked more about me my feelings about it for the last 8yrs and grandma cuz he was having hard time with that since it still hurts years later, and it felt nice... My tears feel dry but they feel like they can fall out more easier... Not in pain this time... But of happiness because I feel better and I finally got that off my chest! Tho still an emotional day for me that I can and will definitely remember for the rest of my life, for the one person that stayed with me my whole life, my dad loves and accepts me wholeheartedly and just wants me to be happy with whatever it is, "even if it's wrong" his words his words and says once we get me working that we will get me started hopefully by next year and now, I feel better than ever! And absolutely motived now and I'm blessed to have such amazing people in my life for them all to understand me better 😊

~Luna

P.S: also hoped you all enjoyed my story since it's been one heck of a rollercoaster tho still going on and hoping to get to end of this one once I've finally gotten to my destination. UwU

Also if anyone was alil lost midway 2013 - 2016 was where middle school stuff is and highschool was supposed to be graduating class of 2020 but got held back... Tho didn't graduation so yeah... Didn't matter, 2017 I came out to mom and friends and four years later today was when I come out to dad for my third time but second time as a female :3