Jealous of people that were able to be rebellious during their childhood
I really am. I was an ass kisser during my childhood and that got me nowhere. My main response is fawning and I’ve pretty much kissed everyone’s ass and ended up nowhere in life and everyone that has had a significant impact on my life has took advantage one way or another.

I was estranged for my family for 2 years..yes I came back because I was homeless and didn’t want to experience it again. I had no support when I was homeless….everyone preaches going no contact but fails to tell you that people aren’t nice either. Since I had no kind of physically support people took advantage of that as well. I was approached by predators and my “friends” turned on me when I became “too much” for them.

No one in my life that has traumatized me has apologized for the shit they did. Whether that was being an enabler and encouraging someone to abuse me or being the abuser themselves. It’s always,”I did this because you MADE ME.” “You’re always playing victim.” 

I was trying to bury my emotions but I got pissed because my mom said she had no regrets raising me..trying to play dumb and act like she didn’t hear me being verbally abused as a child. Like I just magically vanished for 2 years for no reason.

She keeps calling out my ex for being abusive but plays dumb and acts like she has no idea why I chose an abusive boyfriend in the first place…the gaslighting is fucking annoying and I swear most people in my life have done it.

I’m jealous of people that stood up to authority as a kid. Me being nice to them backfired in my face most of the time. I had teachers talking about me behind my back when I was a teenager. Imagine grown adult men talking about a 16 year old girl that weighs less than 100 pounds. Most of my teachers usually liked the bullies too.

I have nothing to show for being nice to these people. I work a little over minimum wage trying not to ki*l myself and dissociate most of the day. And don’t tell me I can do it now…not really…I look extremely young so no one takes me seriously and I’m extremely small.