You were so much crueler than the world you prepared me for
You told me that it was because I needed to be ready. I was going to be beaten and crushed and broken so I had to toughen up with you first. You’d been through hell and back so now you needed to drag me through it so I’d know what it would feel like. Things that have already burnt can’t catch fire. 

And I was so grateful. While my friends scraped their knees on the playground and cried, my eyes didn’t even tear up when I got punched. I didn’t tell anyone when I got my first concussion, I just took it like the man I was. I was the strongest kid at school. The world would be so much worse but at least unlike anyone else, I would be ready. 

 And now I’m here. 

The world didn’t beat me. The world let me cry and gave me friends to comfort me. The world has so much space, space for me to feel my emotions and spaces for me to belong. The world let me be strange and childish and lazy, I just had to find the right places to be. 

The world listened to me as I told them about you. I joked about you and they looked back in horror. They said their parents never did any of that. &gt;!I didn’t even tell them about how you touched me.!&lt;

But I’m not free now. My back hurts from sitting upright, watching for what hides behind every grace I receive. My eyes are glued shut as I wait for the world to turn into what you told me it would be, for it to turn into you. I’ve pushed away the people the world gave me because you told me they’d hurt me. I thought they were going to be like you. Sometimes, I wake up covered in sweat because I thought I heard you. No one understands why I can’t sit still. 

Some parts of the world are hard, and at first I thought I was better equipped. But now I just lash out as soon as my problems show me the weaknesses you beat out of me. I was never allowed to be mad and it’s all spilling out of me now. When someone raises a hand at me I expect to be ready to take the blow. Instead, I’ve simply flinched at a high five. While my peers stand up against the people you warned me about, I stand to the side, seeing you on their faces. 

The world was so much kinder than you. And I wasn’t ready for it because of you. 

(I’m having a weird night)