You're only seen as a victim if you fit the profile and manage to be graceful about it.
It's starting to hit home.

No matter the abuse you went through, how young you were, how bad it was, most people will still only accept that you were victimized if you fit the profile.

If you are hurt but manage to make the best out of life, that's good. If you're sad and broken and acceptably silent about it, good. If you dedicate your life to help other victims, good. Found Jesus? Hallelujah!

If you end up either homeless, mentally ill, addicted or fall in with the "wrong" people, no empathy for you! Just get your shit together.

If you end up angry, bitter and resentful and speak harshly about the people that worked so hard to destroy you, well now you're just as bad as them. It takes two to tango you know. Even if you were a fucking kid and these people had total control over you.

If you've become so good at standing up for yourself and others that it's making waves, you are a troublemaker and there's no way anyone ever managed to abuse you. Or that's what you get for rocking the boat.

If your bullshit radar is honed to precision and you're always the first to call it out and refuse to give people the benefit of the doubt anymore, you're just a bitter, cynical pessimist who refuses to play nice. Even if you don't go out of your way to cause trouble but just want to remove yourself from the situation. How dare you walk away when you see smoke, you need to get burned first to prove it's really fire!

Too emotional? Ugh, so annoying.

Not emotional enough? Wow, creepy...

If you fought to overcome your past and changed your story into one of success, great! Now you get to be called an inspiration and have your trauma minimized because you're so strong it's almost like nothing ever happened to you!

If you're conventionally attractive and have the correct age, gender and skin color, that's just wonderful. Smile, your face is going on the poster! If it's not too much to ask, we'd prefer it if you were deceased, you know, for PR reasons.


*Ok, rant over. I love you all.*