My mom told my aunt "You're lucky your baby didn't live; look what I got stuck with," and this charade is about to end. I'm 49 and WILL be free of her very soon and won't ever feel guilty again for betraying her
She's said things to me that no one should ever say to another human, that NO child should hear,that NO ONE should hear from a loved one. Abused me horrifically, crippled me, and controlled my adult life without me knowing why. My husband (met over two years ago, married last year) and I live with her currently, and, as a matter of fact are moving to Oregon together from Kentucky. My husband and I will have 3-4 weeks before she joins us, and we're planning to rent the place we have lined up for six months, then it's bye bye bye...she can call a friend (if you knew her you'd shriek with laughter over the thought of my mother ever having a friend, she hates everyone, is above all other women, and seems to think she's the only woman who's ever worked), get on a Section 8 housing list, beg her brother for a room. I DO NOT CARE. I owe her nothing. I have the chance to have a happy life, finally, and I'm going to take it. She'll HAVE to restrain herself for six months because she needs our income to live anywhere that isn't absolute garbage on her s.s. income. FINALLY, last leg, it's almost over.

EDIT: Why 6 months? Because the proceeds from the sale of house are paying for all the moving expenses, including a good car and $3600 first 2 months rent and deposit. We got $5000 into our account for that and will keep the change. When we get out there we'll need a second car. We sold our, all three of us, and got a good one. So my husband has to get paychecks rolling in and though I'm disabled I will work as much as I can.So we NEED 6 months to save enough for a car and a different 1 bedroom place without using her house money. I don't want it. She's gonna need it when she's gone, and I PROMISE SHE WILL BE.

I HAVE JAD ENOUGH, AND SO HAS MY HUSBAND. WHERE WE'RE MOVING IS IN HIS NAME. WE JUST NEED TIME. SHE CANNOT WIN ME BACK OVER WITH TEARS AND GUILT TRIPS. NO, MA'AM YOU EARNED DYING ALONE IN A NURSING HOME.