I don't find male abuse jokes funny
I am so tired of the "women are always right and if their male partner wants to disagree in any way, this woman with such a fragile ego has every right to be outright abusive or discriminatory to that male partner" joke. It's not funny. It's really frustrating how this is such a popular joke, I'm sure everyone has heard some form of such a joke, though it's hard for me to think of any direct examples. 

This is harmful. Normalizing abuse in any way isn't okay. I can understand that women were oppressed for many centuries, but I don't find it fair to normalize male abuse as "payback". How about we don't? 

I recall seeing a post on r/disneyvacation that was an image of a couple laughing with the caption "how to laugh at your abusive girlfriend's jokes" and it resonated with me on a deep level. Men are abused and are seen as weak in society. Any human who is going through abuse needs to be heard. Abuse is abuse regardless of age or gender or ANYTHING. I hear this joke the most I feel from older folks. I don't know what they're going through, but I just want to tell them to stop. Or at least check to make sure they're okay. 

I don't care if I'm being literal and losing the point of a joke. I was abused by my own cousin for an entire year and it hurt for so long because I didn't know I was being abused, I just thought I kept messing up. A joke between us was we would laugh whenever that Sweet Home Alabama song would play and I hated it. I hated every part of it but I had no one else in my life. Women can be abusive. It's a real thing. I don't find these jokes funny because it's normalizimg women abusing men. It's not funny. Laughing through pain feels awful at times because it's almost like I'm manic and screaming out for help but can't because saying I was abused would just get me pity. I don't know. I really just hate these women-dominating-the-relationship jokes and being such dictators. 

I don't think it's bad to laugh at such jokes, but it's good to have discretion in mind and make sure to keep context in mind and maybe pull the joke teller aside to make sure they're okay. It's hard to ask for help when you're mentally in a place where you don't even know you're being abused, and I just wish I had more support back then. I don't want others to suffer from female abuse just because of some payback complex. Abuse is abuse and jokes about abuse can only go so far before it's ignorant.

I just have had this floating in my head for a while and wanted to ramble about it.

Edit: it would appear people want to look at this post as "woman bad men good" or "but what about female abuse?"

Stop. This post is *specifically* about a type of joke people make about straight relationships that normalizes abuse towards men because their partner(who they themselves is a narcissist) is casually "I'm better than you because I'm a woman and you will do everything I say or I will freak out on you" and it's not okay.

This post is not meant to be seen as pushing down female abuse victims, it's about how disgusting it is that jokes about male abuse in relationships is "funny". 

If you want me to be honest, this needs to be said. I am getting tired of getting comments on this post "but female victims-" stop. That's not the point. Went right over your head. Normalizing abuse to any gender is not okay. Making a point to say "but what about (gender) abuse?" is annoying. Abuse is abuse. Say it with me, **abuse is abuse**. My point is I'm tired of living in a backwards society that acts like because an abuse survivor is female then only that woman's feelings matter, even though most victims wouldn't wish what they went through onto others that annoy them.

I really really really don't want you to see this post as "we should put (gender) up on a pedestal because they went through awful crap but also discriminate the other gender because of 'privilege'". No one needs to be put on a pedestal, abuse needs to be put on the pedestal. Throw abuse into the light so everyone can see its ugly, malformed eyes and understand it's disgusting.

Male abuse is important. Female abuse is important. But you know what's more important? Resources for abuse victims regardless of gender. 

I would really prefer if everyone can help keep this thread open for discussion because it's an important topic. Love you 💕