My abuser is dying.
My mother had hated me from the day I was born. I looked nothing like her, thought completely different things, and had completely different interests.
I can’t remember a day she wouldn’t drink, and smoking weed caused her to lock herself in her room for ridiculous periods of time. I had to clean, cook, and organise the house from the age of 7. 

7 was also the year she told me to kill myself, and only hours after that I woke up in our hotel room when on holiday to see her standing over me with a knife. I don’t know why she didn’t kill me. I looked up and saw her face. There wasn’t anything behind her eyes, I knew she saw me looking. She said nothing, and left the bedroom. 

When I turned 8 and my parents where divorcing, she’d regularly come into my room late at night and start crying while drinking a bottle of wine. This went on for months, the crying itself was disturbing enough and I’d pretend to be asleep. Then one night she came in and knelt next to my bed and started touching me like no mother should touch her child. This then repeated itself two extra times.

When I turned 9 my mother would regularly force me to go to her “friends” house. This woman was her drug dealer and would regularly get me high of second hand smoke. One day a bunch of possums in her yard were screeching, they were blood curdling sounds I’d never heard before. Curious, I asked what was happening. She told me a baby possum was being raped, and proceeded to tell me the male was putting his penis in the females vagina. I froze, and then proceeded to vomit all over the floor. She then smacked me across the face for being “inconsiderate.”

At 12 mum threw me on the ground for telling a joke and started to kick the shit out of me, she bruised my kidneys, and I pissed blood for a week. 

I’m 19 now and haven’t thought about this in years, what I listed above was only the icing on the proverbial cake. 

I received a text message three hours ago from my aunt saying that mums dying of stage four lung cancer. 

I couldn’t be happier.

Edit: thank you all so much for your support, I never really thought many people would see this. It’s been hard for all of us, yet we are a testament to the human spirit. The fact we’re all still here is what gives me hope. If anyone wants to talk, or feels like their struggling don’t be afraid to message me. I may not answer straight away, but I’ll do all I can to help. ❤️