My anti-spanking rant
First, I hate the ‘S’ word. Call it what it is, hitting. Let’s look at a couple scenarios….you’re driving and someone runs into you. You get out of the car and hit them. What happens? You get arrested for assault. How about this…you’re a boss and a subordinate makes a mistake. Do you take off your belt and hit them? No. That’s assault, and you’d probably get fired. One more….a small child says a bad word. Can you hit them repeatedly? Yes. Is it ok to do that? Legally, yes. Just call it “a spanking” and suddenly you’re doing a good thing. 

What a load of bullshit! In no way is that ok! Either you have your hand all over a child’s butt, or your hitting them with an object. That’s so wrong. In my case it was a 250 pound man against a little or eventually teen kid. Let’s it take even further and have a hand all over my naked butt. That’s not physically and sexually abusive? It’s good old fashioned discipline. So fucked up. No one knows. The marks from the belt were hiding under my pants because I “deserved” it. Following that with “I did it because I love you” doesn’t help

I hate the people who say “I got spanked and came out ok.” No, you’re a bully that likes to hit children. “There’s a fine line between spanking and beating”. THEY’RE THE SAME FUCKING THING! If you can justify that shit, you’re a monster. You’re not teaching the kid anything other than to be scared of you. I know from experience. I was scared of my parents, especially my dad. He hit hard! 

Guess what? We don’t turn out fine. We’re a mess in therapy. We have traumatic flashbacks. We’re people pleasers because we can’t handle anyone mad. I’m scared to make noise because I got beat for that a lot. The list of problems goes on. I didn’t learn right from wrong. I learned to be terrified of rocking the boat for life. Beating a child into compliance doesn’t teach ANYTHING! So, I’m passionate about this topic and ending caveman parenting. Thanks for reading. If you want to discuss further, just message me.