I (m54) went out with some guys I know at my gym, they spiked my drinks for fun which provoked a flashback and I ended up in A+E.
I’ve been going to my local gym 4-6x week for the past year as part of my treatment. I was diagnosed with severe C-PTSD this year, been receiving treatment on a weekly basis at an addictions centre since March and haven’t drunk any alcohol since June. Before this I was drinking up to one bottle of wine per night, plus rum/coke all weekend. I have multiple addictions, alcohol ( started when I was 9), sex, food, gambling, risky sports etc.

There’s a group of guys who I see virtually every time I go to the gym. We chat about a lot of things and over the past few months we’ve opened up to each other. We went for a coffee, then met up for a drink and post  workout snacks and finally last weekend some of them suggested meeting up at a local brasserie for a drink. They all know I’m recovering from long term alcohol addiction. They know I stopped drinking alcohol in June. I told them several times to get me non alcoholic beer… absolutely no alcohol for me. 
I told them don’t mix up the drinks especially since I’m on medication. 

Anyway they took it in turns to order a round for everyone in the group and each time I clearly said non alcoholic beer for me. Two drinks later no problem. Then a third and a forth and I started to feel light headed, nausea which I put down to the anti anxiety and anti depressors medication I’ve been taking. I excuse myself saying that I wasn’t feeling ok and needed to get home. They encouraged  me to have a last drink and I gave in because the atmosphere was funny, light hearted, everyone was cracking jokes and after feeling depressed since the death of my long term gf in a car crash a few months ago I felt alive and positive.

I’ve no recollection of what happened afterwards but I was in a dream like state in the toilet, had a series of flashbacks of past trauma, and ended up punching out a mirror and hitting my head on the floor ( anger, fear of a past traumatic experience). Someone called the Samu ( French paramedics) and next thing I remember is waking up in ER. The doctors told me I was very lucky with all the alcohol in my bloodstream mixed with the medication I’d taken during the day ( I haven’t mixed any medication with alcohol since I began my treatment). A dozen stitches, concussion, near fatal overdose of alcohol/ medication. 

No one wanted to believe me when I told them I’d only drunk 5 non alcoholic beers.  The blood alcohol level was equivalent to 6/7 beers.. so some other form of alcohol had probably been added   to the alcoholic beers. 

The doctor told me I was really lucky someone found me when they did in the toilet. None of the guys I was with from the gym had come looking for me. 
I know my drinks were spiked, or that they’d ordered real beers for me instead of non alcoholic ones. The doctor thought other things had probably even been added, since the alcohol level in my bloodstream was a lot higher than it should’ve been after 5 beers.

I went to the local commissariat ( police station) to report this but no one believed me. Two policemen even laughed. Told me that they thought British men knew how to hold their drink!
Went to the brasserie to ask for proof of the orders and each one clearly showed alcoholic drinks were ordered for everyone… not one non alcoholic drink.  Went to the gym this morning g to find the guys who were working out as normal. 

They looked a bit sheepish, two slunk away and the others said they couldn’t remember me ever telling them I was a recovering alcoholic, had been taking medication and that I asked for non alcoholic drinks! Absolute lies.  I just blew up and raged at them. The two older guys just laughed and told me it was a bit of harmless fun and all British guys know how to take a drink. These are guys I see every day I work out, I’ve known them since I started working out there regularly
last  year, and we’ve built up something more than a simple casual acquaintance. 
They said ‘ you Brits keep hammering us at rugby so we thought you needed to get hammered yourself!’ When I asked why they thought it was ‘just a bit of harmless fun’ to get real beers for someone they know is on strong medication, can’t drink alcohol and is an ex alcoholic they replied ‘not our problem. We were  just having a laugh. It’s not out fault if you can’t take your drink like an Englishman.’

EDIT: wow! I’m overwhelmed by the response I’ve had to this post. I knew that people were supportive and generous with their words of encouragement but would’ve never imagined getting this number of responses. I wanted to reply to every post but if I didn’t rest assured that I did read each and every one and I’m not embarrassed to admit that the words you guys wrote did make me cry at certain points. I’ve been feeling so low since it happened. It’s not the physical state I was in as the damaged self esteem and sense of humiliation/shame I felt. I felt that I’d let myself down to be manipulated into this situation. Yes it sounds stupid but I felt dreadful and so I did what I shouldn’t have done and reached out for something to numb the inner pain. I drank too much alcohol Thursday and again this morning. The initial pain went away but then I got the shame and guilt multiplied ten fold. 
This afternoon I told myself to not go down that self destructive route I’ve taken so many times in the past. It wasn’t my fault that it happened. I’m not a pity  party seeking external validation and self soothing. So I got out my self compassion CBT journal and re read some previous days journaling. I wrote some more entries and got out all the internal pain/ suffering/shame and guilt and told myself it’s ok to be weak right now but you’re better than those guys. You’re not going to hurt yourself even more. 
This afternoon my daughter (18)  and her boyfriend unexpectedly turned up. She was worried about me. He’s a young film student at a prestigious film school in Paris. My daughter does some modelling and came back home unexpectedly from a shoot in South Africa today, so when i heard the intercom and heard her voice i was surprised and happy. Together they’re been making a short film about mental health awareness amongst young people and the dangers of seeking external sources of validation/ addictions. She doesn’t have any social media presence unlike most of her fellow models. We had a long conversation about things ( he lost his half sister to drug addiction, and his film director father was an alcoholic). Just talking about things, within our personal boundaries,  made me feel a lot better. It’s not a replacement for the professional therapy I have and I’m not his therapist either. It just felt good. They’re staying at my place tonight and tomorrow I’ve decided to take them to one of my favorite places, the forest near Versailles. There’s a part where you can see the Chateau in all its splendour and at dusk the lighting is magical. Just feeling alive and outside in a beautiful place with people I love and care about does wonders for my mental health.