25M broke up with me (26F) in the middle of our Christmas Lights date
Hi all. 

I’m very confused and hurt and just want to come here and get advice. We got into our first argument yesterday and he broke up with me in the middle of our date looking at Christmas lights. 

Directly after I dropped him off (yes… I drove us back to his place after he broke up with me… humiliating…) I downloaded Tinder and saw his profile, freshly updated with pictures that I had just taken of him. This is actually the second time this has happened to me this year, so it definitely feels like a me issue.

My fatal flaws are that I can be too independent and I am a severe people pleaser, but I’m in therapy and working through it.

Edit: I want to add that he had planned 5 dates for me these next 2 weeks—including one where I would meet his friends, so you can understand why I felt totally blindsided.


Edit 2: WOW, this gained so much more attention than I expected. I want to address a few things: first of all, thank you for giving me all your perspectives, I always want to improve myself so I appreciate hearing some more critical and challenging feedback. On the other hand, I also appreciate all of the empathy since I am feeling so so sad right now and trying to pick up the pieces after this breakup.

To add more context: he and I have been dating for two months. I wasn’t interested AT ALL, but he won me over because he was persistent, kind, and fun. Our first date, we went to dinner and karaoke and had such a blast. He also has a stutter that he was insecure about, but that honestly didn’t matter to me at all — I just liked him as a person as we got to know each other more. Maybe around two weeks ago, we had sex and we both had a wonderful time. Everything was going great, especially since he was always planning dates (I planned dates too, but I haven’t been with a guy in a long time who was so eager to plan fun/exciting dates so honestly, I was so happy to be with someone who was letting me enjoy the ride. I’m usually the person planning everything so I really appreciated him). The Christmas lights date was just another example of a fun date he had planned. I think it was date 2 when he started talking about his mother a lot — he definitely hangs out with her way more frequently than most people would and I have a gut feeling that she influenced the breakup. 

He and I hadn’t had conflict until that moment — we had both been generally agreeable and we’re just having fun. When I say that independence is my flaw, I mean it to say that sometimes I can be so independent that I won’t necessarily let people in/be there for me and it’s a muscle that I’m trying to grow. He bought me chocolates and plants as gifts after our 4th and 5th dates and it was even hard for me to accept those. 

Date 6 I paid for us and I do think he felt a bit insecure about that, but I really wanted to be equal more often even though he would really be against me paying — which is ridiculous because I know I make more than he does… but his parents are insanely wealthy so I don’t think the majority of his funds come from his job. After one date night, he accidentally backed up into a Tesla and said, “no worries, I have an extremely big emergency savings/trust fund, so it should be fine.” Which is very different than me who is a first generation college graduate who supports her family financially… 

The whole reason we even got into the GPA discussion is because on the way to the light show, he was telling me that he might get fired from his job because he didn’t meet a deadline this week. I asked him how he felt/what he was thinking to do next. He said he was going to just start applying to different places and I offered to help with his resume and LinkedIn if he’d like. He retorted with, “no I already have someone who helps me who’s way better—my mom.” And I remember feeling a bit stunned and being like oh okay… but then that’s when he brought up the GPA thing.

And me being a people pleaser comes from having a narcissistic/abusive father and like I said, I am working on myself in therapy.


Edit 3: Also, one of my close friends found her amazing husband on tinder so I have dumb hope. And yes, the only reason I redownloaded it after the breakup was because of a gut feeling/intuition—I felt like he was going to use the pictures I took of him (they were amazing pictures!!!) to try and pursue other women. And I broke my own heart with this one lol


Edit 4: adding the GPA context here for more details—He asked me a week or so ago what my GPA was in college. It was a 3.5 but I told him I was a Straight A student in high school and consider myself to have “Straight A Student” energy (i.e. I’m an extremely hard worker) and he was essentially saying that I lied when I said I was a Straight A student, because straight A students wouldn’t have a 3.5.

Then he said that his parents are way smarter and actually got 4.0’s.

So I told him: “I felt extremely hurt by that because I felt like I was being belittled/spoken to in a condescending tone by someone I care about. I deserve respect and compassion and if I can’t get that from you, I don’t need this honestly. I have always been supportive of you and I feel frustrated that you’re annoyed about my GPA.” Something like that — it was very bizarre.

Edit 5: adding another comment I posted below here - I honestly thought he was the first emotionally available person I had talked to in a long time because he was consistent, kind, fun, and willing to not only join me at things I wanted to do, but also plan fun dates for us. We also talked through some heavy hitting issues on the first date (I’m Palestinian, he’s Jewish so we talked about our feelings around that) and just other things that made me feel like he was better than most. I guess I had rose colored glasses on the whole time. And maybe he had rose colored glasses with me! I told him very bluntly that I wanted a relationship, not sex/something casual and he said he was on the same page.