Condom Use: What is normal?
My partner (F22) and I (M26) have been going at it for a couple months now.  I do not enjoy using a condom; it does not feel as good physically and feels less intimate. We both don’t want kids right now (obviously) but she isn’t on birth control. She has said that she is open to looking into female birth control options but then hasn’t looked into it since. I do not want to bring up female birth control again, as I believe that taking medication/inserting a device that fucks with your hormones is only the individuals prerogative, but I’m starting to not want sex. I would rather beat it, get it out of my system, and then just have a relationship without the sex if it means wearing a condom. Is this unusual?

EDIT: I should add that I don’t know how to go about explaining this without hurting her feelings. She wants to have sex and I think would feel rejected if I either A) just stopped being horny because I beat off before getting together or B) explained how I was feeling. I have tried telling her before, but she just said she “didn’t buy that sex doesn’t feel as good for a guy with a condom”.

EDIT2: I appreciate the advice everyone, this got going more than I anticipated. I am thankful that you have shared your experiences and what does/doesn’t work for you; I will take it into consideration and maybe try some different things on my end. 

I know many of you responding think I should be castrated and doomed to the pits of hell because you assumed many parts of my relationship beyond what I shared. I hope that someday you folks can take a step back and maybe think that you don’t know the whole situation and approach an open dialog such as this in a way that is constructive. Not everyone is perfect and everyone has their own hang ups and part of the reason I am here is to get other perspectives and maybe learn something.

And I should add my comment about castration was not in reference to having a vasectomy.. poor choice of word in this context haha.