Is friends with benefits a lie? Or am I just creating my own problems because I eat them out?
The last 4 women I’ve casually “dated” have all ended up falling in love with me in a short period of time. This happens despite me being very clear about not wanting anything serious from the start. As soon as they confess love for me, I stop seeing them because I don’t want to lead them on.

All 4 situations went like this…. Hung out a couple times (drinks, dinner, concerts etc) without any sex. By the 3rd or 4th date, we’re having sex and I go always down on these women because I’m into getting them off. That will last for two or three months before they admit to being in love with me. It sucks because I’m breaking their hearts and then I have to find someone else to casually date. It’s frustrating and I feel like a jerk.

To add some more context, I take them on dates, I usually pay the bill, open the door for them, complement them, and we do cool shit together. To top it off, I am a religious clam licker and think this may have something to do with my problem but who knows. Even though I have been overly clear about my intentions, I can see how they may interpret all of this as the old saying “Actions speak louder than words”.

My goal is to continue casual dating without breaking hearts so what should I do differently?


EDIT: I’ve learned that this isn’t everyone’s definition of FWB. Majority rules says this is dating. Majority rules also says it’s probably not the licking the bean that’s causing the problems….. New question….. Seafood buffet aside, is there a middle ground between dating and friends with benefits? I.e. dating with no strings attached? There has to be people out there who want the same thing that I do…… I can’t be the only one out here on oyster island.

2nd Edit: For those assuming this is a commitment issue,this all started after I left an 8 year relationship. I’m enjoying my freedoms for now and there’s nothing wrong with that. I’m clearly making some dating mistakes and a lot of you have been really helpful! The seafood references are what some of us call a joke…. If you’re offended by that then I’m happy to tell you that my tongues nickname is Shuck Norris.