NSFW to give oral, or not to give?
UPDATE: Thank you all for all the comments, stories, and everything else you've provided me. There is a lot of good shit here that I really tried to read everything and consider all of it. 
So yesterday morning starts and hes all over me, kissing me, cuddling me and even rubbing me. After a few minutes of kissing, he slips his hand in my pants, and starts rubbing around. I was kind of shocked because this had never happened. I thought for a second, "wait, did he see me reddit post??" I didnt have to ask or even put his hand there, he just did it??? He still didn't finger me or go down but he at least played with it so thats a good sign. We continue to have sex and it was fucking great. I came all over the place, he came all over the place, it was hot and passionate and I was completely satisfied after. So after we were finished we decided to get in the shower and I thought this would be a great time to open up about this. I start to tell him how much I love him touching me, I like watching you do these things, its great blah blah blah. So I then ask, "do you not like fingering, or have you tried with anyone?" And he said "my ex didn't like it so I didn't do it with her. Its just gets messy sometimes." He tells me that it's not that he doesn't like to do it but the women he's been with have been weird about it. He said he tried with one and she freaked out, he had no clue why she freaked out but she apparently didn't like it. He then asked if I liked it, I said "of course! Its great!" And he smiled at me and said ok. Later on we continuing the conversation, I had told him I didnt want to make him uncomfortable or force him to do something he didn't want to do. He said, " its not that, youre not doing that. Im a selfish lover and shouldn't be" I didnt even have to hint around that, he just said it himself. So I said, "yup that's very selfish." He then said "we have to talk about these things. If you want me to do it, I will because I dont want to fuck this up."
Hes always been so easy for me to open up and talk to so I dont know why I was afraid in the first place. After all this, im glad I didn't dump him just because he didn't go down on me. There's more than that here. And if he's wiling to try, that's all im can ask for, willingness. That tells me its more than that for him, too. 


Hi all! Im looking for some advise because I'm not sure how to feel about this situation or how to resolve it. 
My boyfriend, (38m), and I, (32f), have been together for a little over a year and the relationship is great! Hes became my best friend over the course of our relationship, hes very sweet, caring, and respectful. Everything I've ever wanted, minus one thing; he doesn't do oral. Every single time we have sex, I give him oral to get him going, sometimes ill even give during sex. I like giving oral and want to keep doing it, but I'd also like the same attention paid to me as I do to him. Hes tells me all the time how attracted to me he is, how much i turn him on, I have a killer body, but the only thing he touches on me are my tits. He told me once before that he didn't like oral but didn't elaborate much more other than, "I just don't like it." Is this ok or a red flag? How can I communicate with him that I'm being left wanting more and how can I encourage him to do this without making him feel inadequate? Should I stop giving oral if im not getting it in return? Sometimes I feel stupid for getting annoyed by this, but other times it really frustrates me.
EDIT: Someone pointed out that i didn't include in my post if I told him I liked it, I have expressed to him that I liked receiving it just as much as giving it. Thats when be said he just didn't like it. He didn't elaborate on why or if he had a bad experience. He did say he has done it before. Maybe it's a confidence thing?