I thought losing weight was all there was to it little did I know its half the battle
For most of my life I struggled with weight problems for various reasons in my life, primarily due to emotional abuse I suffered growing up. I had a lot of anxiety and hardly ever left the house let alone worked out and growing up in a family of big eaters it became a combined problem that grew and grew as I got older to the point where at 19 I weighed 280 pounds. I was miserable, depressed and lacking in confidence and any sense of self worth. I couldn't even go out in just a t-shirt and I'd never even stepped foot in the gym.

I was terrified to actually live my life and locked within a prison of shame and a cycle of abuse that it seemed I could never break free from.

I don't know what changed for me but maybe it was because I realised as I was approaching 20 that if i didn't change something I would die. Maybe not commit suicide though I was severely depressed but I would die from within, I'd never live my life, I'd never be who I was meant to be.

So I started going to the gym for the first time in my life. I cut out all energy drinks, alcohol, and drank nothing but water, I cooked my own food and only bought organic products. I walked every day and I changed my entire lifestyle around. The amazing thing tho was how this time, since I'd tried and failed many times, it actually worked. I stuck with it and saw amazing results and felt great. 

Nearly 7 years on from that journey I now weigh 150 pounds and I've built my own career, just bought and moved into my own place and yes I go outside without a shirt, I talk to girls and I've had relationships and made up for all the time I missed from not living my life. 

But there is still one battle I have left to fight one that I've come to realise is even harder than the first. Accepting myself.

Losing weight is great sure but what they don't tell you is the consequences you have to live with from your previous lifestyle choices. My BMI is healthy, I work out regularly but I have loose skin, mainly around my stomach and abdomen. For a while I tried to ignore it, I just didn't give it any attention, then as the years went by I realised it wasn't really going anyway, not as much as I hoped and it began to impact me. I began to go back to thinking I was overweight, to thinking I needed  to cut again and those old feelings I had about myself began to return. 

I found it hard to be intimate again, to take my clothes off in public or with a partner because of how vulnerable I felt. I used to have no problem telling people about my weightloss journey but I stopped, fearing that they'd then realise what i was struggling with underneath. 

I also felt like a sham. Girls often find me attractive, but I know once you get to that point when your out of your clothes they'd realise the truth and...I just didn't know how to deal with that sense of disappointment. 

I can't afford surgery and honestly I don't think it would help. I have to learn to confront this and myself, to learn to accept myself and love myself for who I am again, to embrace what I achieved and find my own inner happiness.  I'm never going to be 100% perfect or 100% love myself but I want to at least feel comfortable with who I am.

Even writing this out is my first small step in this journey of self acceptance and openly own all of myself.