Life after cheating
So, long story short. I am the cheater in this story. 2 and a half months ago I admitted to my now ex girlfriend (who I was together with for 1.5 years) that I had an emotional affair with a girl that I worked with. The girl that I worked with was actually an ex that I had who cheated on me 2 and a half years ago (emotionally and physically). I fucked up. My recent ex girlfriend has unfollowed me on everything and I blocked my ex ex girlfriend because She was an incredibly manipulative person. I wrote out a long apology to my recent ex gf and her family but I was not forgiven and i understand why. I let her go so that she can heal and one day love again. What I did was beyond horrible and it will never happen again. I feel like the absolute worst and stupidest person in the world. I hurt somebody I truly did care for, for somebody that hurt me in the past and showed little remorse. This is my nightmare scenario and I am having a very difficult time moving past it. I know it has only been 2 and a half months since this all went down and it is a very short period of time but I am having a very hard time forgiving myself. Every day I look in the mirror and hate the man who is looking back. A month ago I all I could think of were suicidal thoughts. I am terrified to be in a relationship because now along with having a hard time trusting, I will not even be able to trust myself. So instead I am trying to focus on myself. I hope to build my confidence and self worth so I can be happy alone. Once I truly love myself then Will try for a relationship again. So that is where I’m at now. I have been going to therapy, drawing, journaling, enjoying my hobbies, and spending time with my wonderful friends. I am now moving into a new apartment, away from my mother and brother, and starting a new job in a different city. I am excited but I am immensely scared of going alone. I have bad social anxiety and have a difficult time meeting new people. I want to be excited for this opportunity but all I can think about is the affair and my ex girlfriend. All I can think about is the pain I caused her. I’m afraid once I go over there I will be lonely and become depressed and the suicidal thoughts will come back. I am trying to be better but I am so scared.