Stop hating yourself, describe yourself objectively and address the issues
STOP calling yourself those horrible, vague words like ugly or a loser. Before you disqualify yourself/decide that you aren't worth it, really look into your life. You are what you DO, afterall. Are you educating yourself and using your resources? Do you have enough resources? Are you making an effort? What are your values, what do you care about in society and are you doing anything towards that cause? Are you enjoying anything like art, music, nature? Or creating any art? Nasty words like ugly and loser don't mean anything, unless you're at elementary school recess. It's all relative. Turn away from the emotion and self-hatred, turn towards the FACTS and real truth of your life. If you are able-bodied and have some independence (self, cultural, etc) it is most likely that you ARE NOT STUCK with this negative identity. &amp; guess what? That negative identity will probably just drain your energy and set you back farther away from your goals. It's near impossible to fix being "ugly" or a "loser" but it's really much easier to fix specific, objective problems.

Here is a SIMPLIFIED example......

Let's say Karen hates herself, "ugh I am such a loser, why am I like this, etc". Then one miraculous day she decides to look at how she actually spends her days. (EDIT: what could trigger this shift in her mentality? Maybe she realizes that she hasn't saved any money, or she doesn't feel well physically, could be multiple reasons.) Sitting in the basement, playing video games and ordering greasy magical takeout on her parents' money (I know this is cliché haha). Instead of "loser", she realizes "Oh man I'm an able bodied person who spends my entire day inactive and lives off my parents' money, I really need to get to work".

She decides that's enough, 30 is way too old for this behavior, and comes up with plans to live a more healthy, productive lifestyle. So she gets a job. And does exercise videos instead of video games all day. Even starting with part time at a fast food chain, or 10 squats in the morning, it's already a start. It builds up. She takes note of what she does every day, and her progress. She realizes she is not inherently a loser. Within her previous lifestyle, she didn't do anything productive and spent most of her time playing video games. But now, she works, exercises, eats healthier and plays video games in moderation. So she knows she has the capacity to improve, and hating herself was a waste of energy. (I know it's easier said than done but this is for illustrative purposes).

For your consideration.......

Take a log of what you do every day what you eat and how you sleep. Do you want to change anything to get healthier, do you want to start working, or do anything else? Take up any hobbies? There's a plethora of information on the Internet that can set you on the correct path. Cheap healthy meals, exercise videos, job resources and volunteering opportunities. I KNOW it's hard to get a job so I'm not judging here.

tldr stop hating yourself and make an effort. Not a "loser", but need to set goals and take more action.