Can not get over my height insecurity
I am a 21 yo male. I am 5’8. Now, people will say that this height IS NOT short, but I live in one of the countries with highest average male height in the entire world (6’1). Because of that, in my environment, I am indeed short.

When I go outside, 85-90% of the girls I see are shorter than me. On the other hand, around 30-40% guys I see daily are my height or shorter (usually older ones).

The thing is, I never had a problem with my height up until last year. I had an opportunity to get into a relationship with a female friend I loved and knew for ages and she asked me how tall am I exactly (she is literally like 5’5). I told her my height and she outright told me that “she can not believe she used to criticize her ex for being 6’0 when she is now talking to a 5’8 guy”. After that, she basically ghosted me. 

That happened exactly a year ago and I started developing insecurities about it. Suddenly, I started noticing how many deragotory tweets and TikToks there are about short guys and basically calling them undesirable and unnatractive. Due to my insecurities spiralling and being fed by girls all over the world calling short guys unnatractive, I started comparing my height to every single guy I see on the street.

When I see a shorter guy I get happy. When I see a taller guy I get sad. I started wearing Air Max and height insoles just to be 5’10 or 5’11 and felt much better because of the added height. I just want this to stop. I can not get over the fact that women dont care that I am successful, already have a great business at 21, that I graduated, that I respect them and try my best to be a good person and improve myself. 

They still reject me and always end up with a taller 6’3 jock who has nothing going for him in his life and they always break up because those guys arent the ones for a stable long relationship. I am so tired of feeling lonely unwanted and undesirable, tired of feeling like even if I find love it will be a girl settling for me because I am rich and a good person who can spoil her and treat her right. I want to feel desirable, loved and attractive and it sucks that I will never have the opportunity to feel like that. How can I stop having such incel and victim mentality …