Complete Failure at 32 with no hope but to rope someday
I'm a 32/M and have failed at everything in life.I'm currently unemployed.My parents have disowned me.I'm currently living off profits from dogecoin I bought in 2017 but that is running dry pretty quick. I would have bought more back then but  I was making wagie bucks and you can't afford anything with that. I'll soon be homeless if I can't find work.I'm currently talentless with no skills and will probably never truly escape wagiedom until I rope.I have no aspirations, dreams or ambitions. I don't find anything enjoyable.Everything I practice it, I never get any better, even after years of intentional practice to get good, I stay close to the baseline of where I initially started and in some cases I decline and actually become worse than when I initially started. I can't really explain that.I can't stay focused on anything for more than 2 weeks.I struggle with weight loss even though I have managed to get down to 275 from 320 over the course of a year....which is really pathetic but at least it's something.I can't get a job despite applying for 20+ jobs a week.When I was in my 20's I had a few friends who cared to check up on me. Most of them avoid me now because they see me for the failure that I have become.Now that I'm in my 30's, I'm lucky to get a call that isn't spam or some robocaller.My family avoids me because I'm the failure black sheep of the family.I have a hard time holding down jobs because I can't seem to consistently do a good job at anything I do.It's even worse on the mental to become aware of the fact of how worthless I've become.I feel bad for the friends who used to consider me close friends cause they truly believed in me and even said I only fail because "I don't try hard enough". The truth was I always give it my all, it just looks like I'm not trying because I'm just that bad at everything I do. They either knew that and were just trying to be a good friends by saying something else or they genuinely believed I could do better and didn't know that I was actually trying. Either way it's depressing to think about your all not being enough. Even worse that you're not enough for this world in everything that you do.I wish I was good at something, or good enough to serve some meaningful purpose.I'm not sure what to do =/.