Christmas Eve already sucks (TW: Molestation)
I was molested by my brother for two years when I was 7-9 years old (he’s 10 years older than me; I’m 20 now). When my brother had left the room during our dinner to get back to a video game he had been playing earlier, my parents asked me why I was never nice to my brother when he was around. During dinner, I hadn’t tried to have any conversation with him and snapped occasionally when he would try speaking to me. One thing led to another, and I spoke about the molestation that happened when I was little to my parents when it was just us three (which was painful to say the least).

From the ages of 7 to 9, I had always complained to my parents about my brother acting inappropriately with me, and they had always waved it off as me overreacting to my brother’s affection. There would be moments where it would be my brother and I alone in my childhood bedroom, where I would be screaming for my parents to help me, and they would just stand outside of the bedroom door telling me to be quiet and I was being too loud. For years after this I never trusted my own gut, and it led to a lot of self hatred, depression, and trust issues.

Flash forward to a few years ago, and my brother admitted to my mother he was interested in children and felt guilty about his fantasies but “would never act on them.” As my mother doesn’t have many people to confide to with family issues, she told me about this. After this conversation, I finally felt sure in myself that what I experienced when I was a child was truly molestation and not just me “overreacting.” Once in a while I confront my mother about it, telling her I wished she could’ve helped me when I was younger, and all she can say is “sorry” but nothing else really.

Tonight - probably due to drinking - I reluctantly but confidently brought it up again to explain why I would never be comfortable or accepting of my brother’s presence, occasionally snapping or mostly ignoring him when he was around. My mother was more accepting tonight that she had been any other time, apologizing for not being there before, and actually showing some emotion (she was crying, but again it was probably fueled by alcohol). Yet, she still kept defending my brother, saying things like “he never meant to hurt you” and “at least he didn’t rape you.” 

My dad was angry at me for talking about it. Saying I was an adult, and it shouldn’t affect me anymore. Revisiting everything that happened to me as a child, I was sobbing uncontrollably at the dinner table. While my mother tried comforting me, my father told me to be quiet, I was overreacting to the situation, and was ruining Christmas Eve. 
Now I’m in the guest bedroom packing my things getting ready to leave as soon as possible.

The situations that has happened to me when I was younger still affect me now. Every so often, a memory I suppressed will resurface, and I’ll find myself uncontrollably sobbing for hours wishing someone could have believed me and helped me as a child. Even sometimes looking at pictures of myself during that age, I feel strong emotions. I just wonder if I’ll ever find closure to this situation years later. I already know I’ll never get it from my parents.