Death of My Baby Brother
February will make it two years since the day I found my baby brother dead. My baby brother had terminal colon cancer and I was his soul caregiver from November until February.  During this time due to the size and layout of our house we stayed cold. Nobody even came to check on u. Most of the time we went hungry. I watched him waste away to absolutely nothing and there was nothing I could do to help except for do my everything to make him as comfortable as I possibly could which wasn't much. 
We shared a birthday I was one year older. He was the only person in my whole entire life that I knew for a fact that ever loved me and that actually understood me. 
Well we somehow managed to make it through Thanksgiving, Christmas,  one last birthday together and then the morning of February 11th I woke up to find that God had taken him away from me. 
This February will make two years and the entire holiday season has been a complete nightmare for me and today I haven't been able to make myself stop crying for a single moment. The only thing I want beyond any and every single thing possibly is to die in order to rejoin and reunite with my baby brother once again. 
Since I have lost my brother I have managed to lose literally every single thing I ever had mainly due to my oldest son and his insanely extravagant and obvious drug abuse that he didn't even attempt to hide or be inconspicuous with that (I lived in a very upscale and predominantly rich neighborhood) the neighbors (including the mayor and prosecutor for the city) began a case and when they acquired enough evidence they took us to court and had us evicted from being able to continue to live in the neighborhood and I lost everything. My son has managed to get clean and sober but I am now forced to live in a small apartment alone. My ex husband is remarried to a woman who is a trust fund baby and they live the good rich life. My children no longer have anything to do with me and I am completely alone. 
Today for some reason has been a very extremely hard day for me and it's taken all my strength and willpower to keep from just ending my miserable existence and finally join my baby brother and leave this life I have been beaten down and forced to live in misery in behind and passover to the next level because I honestly doubt that it could ever be a drop in the bucket as horrifying of a nightmare that this one has been.  The biggest problem is that I am too much of a coward to do it so I am gonna continue to sit here isolated miserable and crying nonstop until I no longer have another single tear to cry.
Thank you for reading this story of my miserable life.