Three Portraits of a Neglected Child
Childhood emotional neglect can be so  hard to identify because it's a disorder of what *didn't* happen... not what did. Therefore it can be hard to search the childhood memories and find the times you were neglected... for me, I have no memory of being neglected, but I can see the effects of the early childhood neglect in how I reacted to normal stressful childhood events. I did not seek comfort of my parents--I opted for secrecy and privacy. Here's 3 memories.

1. My family made me scared of going to the orthodontist to get molds done for braces. When the time came, I panicked, ripped the molds out of my mouth, ran to the bathroom, and locked myself in. My stunned mother didn't know what to do, so she just took me home. I sat in the back of the van in the seat farthest away from her. She bought me a video game on the way home, and we never talked about getting braces again. My teeth are still crooked.
2. I smashed my finger in a mini fridge door. It turned purple, bled, and eventually the fingernail fell off several weeks later. Rather than running to my parents for comfort, I hid the injury from them under a bandaid, feeling ashamed and scared of them learning that I got hurt. I snuck into my parents room to steal bandaids. I secretly plotted to stash more bandaids in my suitcase on a family vacation so I would be covered for the length of the trip. I hid them in pockets and planned ahead to not get caught. I was terrified my finger would fall off, rot away, or I would die, but I continued to hide it until my injury was discovered. On reveal, I cried and ran away. My mom comforted me in the moment but never understood the depths of this experience.
3. My childhood cat died. My mom called while I was at a friends house, the my friend's mom drove me home. She told me the cat had gotten hit by a car, and that she was in the garage wrapped in a blanket. I was told I could go see her if I wanted, so I went in.... alone. Touched my dead cat's stiff body, cried, pulled myself back together, then walked straight past my mom and up to my room where I cried some more. We silently buried her in the back yard the next day, and never talked about it again.

I hope sharing memories like these can help others identify the invisible neglect they faced. For me, it was all about realizing my reactions to difficult events were NOT NORMAL for a child. Children in fear should seek the safety of their parents and family--not isolation and secrecy. Maybe you have a story that's similar.