Invisible children at the dinner table
When I was a kid, my family usually ate dinner together at the same table, but we didn’t talk about ourselves. My parents separated and each remarried, and both parent-stepparent combinations directed very child-unfriendly mealtimes that would resemble either a pretentious, pseudo-intellectual adult dinner party or a work meeting.

I was never asked about my day, nor did I see my parents reflect on their days. Meal times–perhaps the most significant family gathering of the day–were about appearing smart and interesting or work-related information-gathering. And as a kid, it was tough to measure up. I’d have to identify topics of grown-up interest to say something about, and even then I’d more likely be challenged about what I said, be dismissed, or have my grammar corrected than receive kudos for trying to add to the conversation.

Something very different played out during the rare occasions that I was a part of mealtimes at my friends’ houses. They shared with each other about themselves, they queried each other – they were a family unit, and it felt nice to observe.  As a kid trying to make sense of the world, TV and movies suggested that parent-child relationships were typically good. The way I made sense of it all – why things felt different at home compared my naïve understanding of the rest of the world – was that I, based on who I was as a person, didn’t matter. I didn’t really understand why. But sooner or later I decided that it made sense to accept this apparent reality and try to matter by adapting to what was cool in the situation.

I spent a lot of energy trying to become more skilful at the very adult-centric dinner table conversations of my childhood/youth, and it really affected who I became.  Fast forward a number of years and I don’t have anyone in my life with whom I share intimate details of my day. I don’t even like reflecting on my day. I’d rather be distracted from thinking about me and my life.  At the same time, I wish could be more gentle and warm with myself, and be more self-accepting.

I guess I’ve known for a few years that the dinner tables of my childhood were damaging to me personally. I would have tremendously benefited from an adult who was attuned to me, listened to me, and helped me navigate my inner (emotional) and outer (school) worlds when I was young and developing and my life was simple. This reflection represents an overdue step in coming to terms with that part of my life. This has been cathartic and is helping me see that it’s not all bad for me; I have a (really) imbalanced skillset for an adult, and if I can cultivate the things that I lack(ed), I could be a pretty well-rounded adult.