They've "changed" and it's making me feel worse.
I've never posted here, so I hope it's okey.
My mother and her partner are the issue for me.
I was 8 when they got together and instantly life was different. He drank a lot, but only during evenings.
By the time us kids (he had 4, mom had 2) were in bed the arguments started. Always about how me and my brother were not as good as his kids. Mom argued back. In the morning everyone pretended like nothing happened. We were a perfect family again. 
Mom never talked to us about it, ever. Instead she was angry underneath it all, and we had to walk on eggshells because we never knew if she was gonna be passive agressive and complain about how no one was helping HER through everything. 

She never talked to me about anything, waved off any feelings I had about anything, and looked the other way on any way I acted out. Because our family doesn't talk about anything deeper than what we cleaned around the house today.

Every. Single. Day this was my life. Until I turned about 15 and moved to my dad full time. By then I had no selfesteem at all. It's been hell. I never got it back. I still hurt from it.


But, worst part for me is that they've "changed". With time I guess. I am suddenly the favorite and even her partner is all "Oh, Asa, it's so nice to see you, I missed you!" and they love my partner and are generally very nice nowadays. No arguing anymore. No passive agressiveness.
I've accepted that my mom is just... what she is, and I can handle her in small amounts, so I see them semi-regularly to be shallowly friendly.
But it's like nothing ever happened. Like they didn't ruin me.
I feel gaslighted by everyone. And like I have a veneer of a family.
I've been in therapy for years, and I still don't understand how you can act like this. How can you not care about anything but looking like a good mom? Or even think you're a good mom. (She ofc thinks she is).
I mean, I understand that their brains have to function that way because of their own trauma - but how can they do that and function when I just broke instead? I feel so angry and annoyed.
How are these people so different now and why does it feel crappier than having obviously shitty parents?