You guys, I lost it
So I just got into a huge fight with my parents, that I didn’t intend to happen. My parents have been invalidating me for so long and I started to slowly distance myself from them (I live with them so not physically just in terms of speaking to them). 

My dad was “tired” of me not talking to them as much so he came into my room and asked what was wrong - I’ve explained to them before in both the recent and distant past that I felt they were not treating me correctly. I told my dad that at the moment I would just like to be alone, and my parents have never liked when I say that (they think me wanting to just be left alone is a sign of me being psychotic). My dad finally left my room but he came back, with my raging mom. She pulled out the belt on my at 19 years old….because I wanted to be left alone. My mom grabbed me by the arm out of my bed and I have high blood pressure so I could feel my heart racing and my parents said I was making myself hyperventilate which only made me hyperventilate more and my hands started to go numb. 

I got so fed up and I’ve been holding in anger for so long that I just broke out crying and screaming. They said they were going to call the police because I’ve been mentally ill (my mom calls me the r-word) for my whole life. I tried to explain that I was fed up because my whole life has been them berating and belittling me and they just said that I should be happy because “kids who’s parents don’t love them don’t give them anything” and “there are people who don’t have arms or legs”. And I responded “oh yeah well you guys stopped taking me to the dentist so I have no teeth now, so does that make you good parents.” Then my mom went on to say how I’m such a naive person and how her mom was abusive but she’s chosen to forgive her. 

Now my mom is crying because she feels like she’s such a loving mother who can’t do anything wrong. She said that I should be happy because she’s catered to me since I was a baby and I was like “you can’t cater to a baby because babies are dependent on their parents”….and then she went on a whole rant about how women have to give up their life to have kids but they don’t have to like them which already tells me all I need to know about my moms motives for having children. And my dad who has never liked it when I hugged him gave me a half hug to soften the blow of the whole situation and he wouldn’t let go when I said I was uncomfortable. Sorry for the rant.

EDIT: Thank you all for the advice and kind words :)