A depressing visit to my parents
I (F39) visited my parents over the weekend and because I'm trying to figure out if I have ADHD I needed to ask them some questions about myself as a child, like "did I have trouble concentrating" or "was I a fidgety child". Their answers were all very vague or simply "I don't know". I realised they cannot answer my questions because they didn't know me well enough as a child. They also don't know me well as an adult.

I remember spending A LOT of time as a kid on my own. I would come home from school and watch TV till dinner (6pm) then it was my parents time with the TV and I went to my room. They didn't check I'd done my homework and I rarely asked for help with it because I felt like I couldn't interrupt their time so half the time I didn't do my homework. 
Occasionally my mum would read a book to me which I cherished but she would only read books she wanted to read and if I suggested one she would tell me no. I have no memories of them telling me they loved me, even now they don't say it and in birthday cards etc they don't write "love mum and dad" just "mum and dad". 
When I was 16 I got a PT job which finished 9pm on a school night but they wouldn't pick me up I had to wait till 9.45 for the bus getting home at 10.30. My brother 3 years later got picked up every shift, in part because I failed my exams and I think they realised their mistake. 

I genuinely think my parents did the best they could but their best kinda sucks and I know they love me and my brother (who also has emotional issues similar to mine) but honestly if they had the chance to do over I don't think they would have children.

I feel like I'm making mountains out of molehills here, I know many people have it so much worse than I had it, my parents weren't abusive they just didn't really care what we did and only occasionally through in random rules like I could stay out till 4am but couldn't watch 18 certificate films... But I also know that this stuff has left me with deep emotional and mental health problems.