A tool to heal the core wound of emotional neglect: an inability to connect via talking.
Due to developmental trauma, I have trouble with openness and vulnerability. I am 27, and most of my life, I kept my thoughts and feelings to myself. I never talked through things that were bothering me. Uncomfortable feelings were buried.



We are social beings. To be healthy, we have to communicate. Other people failed to connect with me, and moved on. People noticed something was off and I was unable to connect.

Once people have gotten to know me, they have shared observations such as:

When are you going to come out of your shell?

 he's emotionless/numb/cold. 

Kind to all, friend to none.

not emotionally intelligent.

needs to work on social skills.

thoughtless

something feels off with him

are you OK?

What's wrong?


I have trouble reflecting on my feelings and making decisions based on them.

I avoid pursuing romantic interests/crushes.

I don't express anger to defend my interests.

I don't know what makes me happy, so I don't choose to pursue friends and activities and provide me joy.

I don't know what my priorities are.


If I were able to disclose these thoughts and feelings, my family and friends would support me in resolving them. Instead, I stay blocked, frozen, and numb.

In the past two years, I have been working intently on recovery.

Last week, I found a simple tool that significantly improves my ability to connect with people.

Before I meet with someone/before a social occasion, I make a list of six thoughts/feelings that are significant to me that I will share with the other person.


This has proven to be very rewarding. Normally, I'd be to "frozen" to share the important stuff in the moment. I'd have too much resistance. By listing the important/vulnerable stuff, I know I have something to talk about that matters, and I feel accomplished when I do share it.


When I share, people have been receptive and supportive. It has been working for me. I'm starting to open up.