My parents were mostly unhappy, dissociating that, and only expressing a small part of themselves
For as long as I remember, my parents seemed unhappy about life but dissociating that and taking it for granted. I don't mean just sadness, but also emotions like anxiety, anger and shame. I was also like that for a long time, and am only now starting to understand it.

The unhappiness was not because of material conditions, like not being able to afford needed things, or even nice things. Something else was making them unhappy, and preventing enjoyment of a lot of things.

It's like my parents were depressed, but didn't simply lose all motivation. They continued doing the most critically important habitual things, but lost motivation outside of those habits. It's also like that depression is buried along with most of a person, and only a little bit remains to feel something about unimportant dramas of day to day existence.

This includes some happiness in response to nice things like eating ice cream or seeing impressive fall foliage, but that is tiny compared to feeling good about larger scale things. In other words, it's like "my life sucks, and oh, here's pretty fall colours on this tree". The "my life sucks" part is bigger and more important, but it gets somehow buried and ignored.

I thought my mother was "okay" except during her mental health crises. But actually those crises were only where she felt unbearably bad. She was never really okay.

I wonder what was holding all three of us down like that?  The only rational answer I can think of is that a lot of our behaviour was in terms of pleasing others and doing what you thought others wanted out of fear. So, other aspects of genuine self expression didn't get much of a chance to get expressed, and that has a bad emotional impact on people.

That blockage of self expression is to a large extent due to trauma, but also compounding trauma via powerlessness regarding important things.

So my emotional neglect was like my parents were incapable of not being like that. Their inability to act there was just like their inability to act in so many other non-habitual aspects of life. They would need to go through some serious psychological healing to be able to help that way. My mother needs to go through some serious psychological healing just to hurt others less when she is triggered and overwhelmed. Most ways of making a positive impact seem far out of reach for her. Maybe my father could have been better away from her, but he's now deceased, and I never got to see much of that possibility.

I would like to understand this pattern better. Can anyone relate to parents being like this and growing up to become like that? Is there some good reading material about other aspects of this kind of situation, besides emotional neglect, that's more specific than just trauma in general?

One thought that keeps coming up is that maybe all three of us were autistic and I tried to dig deeper and opened Pandora's Box and found this mess. Some friends suggested that I may be autistic. But neither my mother nor I was ever diagnosed as autistic.