How to heal from childhood Emotional Neglect ?
Hey Guys,

Coming across this subreddit and reading all these posts, I can relate so much.

My parents were not abusive and never beat me or verbally assulted me. But growing up I never had that intimacy with my parents. Like I craved being able to talk to someone about my emotions how I'm feeling. Someone caring about me to ask. But I never got anything and I grew distant from them. 

I thought this is just how parents are. They are conservative parents and always just told me to study(no tv no hanging out with friends). So I bunked classes and never told them anything. 

Later in my college years, I travelled a lot took drugs had tempory relationships but never shared anything with them and just responded whatever they wished to hear. Even in my relationships I see that I seek that love and understanding a bit too much and try to understand the women I am in relationship with. This makes them feel amazing for a while so I guess they stay with me and then they get bored(I feel like I am a temporary fun experience for girls to have or someone who'd boost their self esteem so they are with me and not really for love) or I push them away cuz they don't care about understanding how I wanna be loved and I feel this is gonna be just another relationship like with my parents and I never had that loving long lasting relationships.

I hang out with a lot of friends but I don't have close friends. My friendships are just going out having fun with people and nothing deeper than that(its not like I can start talking to them about my feelings...I know they make fun of people that do so yea I know not the most deep friends and just people who hang out together)

I also suffer from ADHD, anxiety and many symptoms I saw from a post here. Also suffer from loneliness a lot and behave kinda without filters with people.


I wanted to ask...the people in here who healed yourself (even a lil bit from before)...how did you do it ? I don't have anyone I can talk to about this who would care to give solutions...maybe some would listen and say its okay move on and stupid shit like that but I wanna know from people who have tried healing themselves here on their own...how did you work it out ?