Regret around not being aware of emotional neglect earlier
I’ve been struggling to let go of a past relationship that ended 3 years ago. I couldn’t recognize my contributions to the relationship falling apart as stemming from emotional neglect back then. How do I get over loosing someone who once cared so much for me because I was emotionally neglected as a kid, which made me emotionally unavailable and distant, which drove me to push away someone I loved? I’ve only become aware of this in the last few weeks, and I still really long for what I had, rather than feel excited to start something new with this knowledge. This breakup happened over 3 years ago now. And it took me all this time and years of therapy to work through all of the experiences in my life that led me to that point. 

I was the one who chose to breakup with my partner. The main reason I did so was because our relationship started on bumpy grounds. My partner had started seeing me non sexually while in the midst of ending another relationship. We moved very quickly after that relationship ended because I was moving for a new job in just a few weeks. 

I cared so much about being with my partner, but I still had difficult emotions around the situation. We had so much in common, but I didn’t have the emotional awareness or vulnerability to talk to my partner about the fear I had around loosing the relationship due to long distance, and my low sense of confidence that I was someone my partner really loved. I needed a lot of reassurance. I had struggled all my life thinking the people around me didn’t really love me, and abandonment could happen at any point. Especially in intimate relationships because that had been my experience growing up. Either the people I was interested in didn’t reciprocate my feelings, or if they did they eventually lost interest in me for someone else for reasons I couldn’t understand until I learned about emotional neglect. 

It’s only now that I have this awareness, but obviously it’s too late. It’s like I want to go back to the beginning of my last relationship and do it all again with the awareness of my emotional issues. I feel like things could have been different. And that makes me very sad. The silver lining is I now am aware of all of this. About how the lack of healthy emotional discussions in my childhood has impacted my life as an adult. But it’s still so hard to let go of the dream I had for what could have been with my partner. And it’s hard to see that dream being with someone else. Mainly because I find it so hard to meet potential partners now. And I’ve watched my ex move on and heal from the experience of our relationship. It’s so sad thinking about what used to be and where we are now. 

There is still a lot of time left for me. I know that. But dating can feel so demotivating now. When I was in college I felt like there was opportunities all around me to meet people. In the “real world” I find that much harder. Very grateful to have found this sub-Reddit it’s a beautiful thing that people can openly discuss there experiences. Thanks for reading this if you got this far. It was really cathartic writing it out.

Update:

Thank you all for the kind responses. I’ve been pretty open with some friends about my realization of how CEN has impacted my life this this weekend. It’s nice to finally be walking a path I feel I can explain to people. For years I just felt like this broken person who screwed up in the most important relationship that came into my life. But I’m really starting to see now how my lack of emotional awareness played a role. After talking to a few friends this weekend I realized how big of an impact being emotionally unaware has had on my life. Most of my friends seemed to be in the know about how to describe their experiences. It amazed me how willing and open to discuss their own hardships they were. And how open they were to hearing about mine. For my entire life I’ve felt like I can’t be direct about what I’m thinking, especially when it’s negative. Show too much love and that would make me too vulnerable. Show too much sadness and that would make me a burden. The fear and shame cycle has caused me so much heartache. I look back and I think to myself “damn I just want to give that younger version of myself a hug” when I recall all the times I tried to face the difficulties of life alone. But even just posting here and reading your comments I can see I’m not alone in these issues. Thanks again