A letter to my neglectful family
Somehow I think the pain of being neglected is worse than being abused. I've been through both. But neglect hurts more because you know it's just that they don't care. They don't even despise you, which would mean they acknowledge you as a person. They just don't care about you and your needs. 

 So...well...I guess because I know confronting them is pointless, i'll do that here.

Dear Dad,

When you called me overly sensitive every time I cried at you yelling at me, something in me died. It would hurt even more when you said you yelled because I was too "weak" and that if I had more of a backbone you would treat me better. I know you don't remember having done any of this. I know you think I made it up in my head, that at best it's all in the past. But no amount of gaslighting will change what you've done. You know, when I was having migraines in college and told you I wanted to see a doctor, and you started this speech of how you were "just like me" in your 20s and how you would get stressed over nothing, and that my migraines were just that, me making shit up because i'm neurotic, i banged my head against the wall like I used to as a child. You didn't know I banged my head against the wall? Yeah shows how much you care. 

I banged my head against the wall because I was being bullied in school and I hated myself. I didn't know what to do with the pain so I just hurt myself to deal with it. Do you even care? I'm pretty sure I got a lump on my head from it. Yeah you don't, right? After all, if i'm getting bullied it must be my fault for being "weak". That's why I never told you, because I knew that was what you were going to say.

To this day you patronize me, assuming every time that I'm crying that it's for a dumb reason. I know now it's your way of protecting yourself from accountability. If you acknowledge my pain, you have to acknowledge where it comes from. You can't do this, can you?

You gave me everything I needed, it's true. You put food on the table, like you used to throw in my face when I was a teenager and I didn't tolerate your treatment. But you know, I deserved better than this. I deserved to be treated like a fucking human being. Thanks to you I don't know how to make friends, how to talk to guys. how to love myself. Thanks to you i don't trust anyone. Thanks.

Dear Mom,

When you told me I should just pray my pain away or to stop caring about what dad said, it really hurt. I grew up thinking I could count on you. You got me fooled that you cared more than him at some point. You made me listen to you complain about him or my sister for hours. It was always like that. But I would try to talk about me and you'd interrupt me and say it's all silly, or start talking about someone else who has it worse than me.

Your way of hiding behing God and religion fucks me up to this day. How you're able to enable my dad while constantly offering me tea instead of support. Maybe you tried, sometimes. But you know what, mom, it wasn't enough and I should have the right to say that. 

You keep telling me I worry too much about things. Guess who made me this way, mom? 

You obviously never felt like standing up for me in any way, because you just see me as a tool. You need someone to actually listen, you need someone to go with you to places, and that's all i'm here for in your eyes. I said so many times that I wanted to live on my own, just to be shot down by you and your countless reasons why that will never work. Of course I know why, that ruins your plans for me.

Now I have no life, no friends, no way out, no mental health and no hope. I hope you're happy.

Dear Sis, 

When you called me dramatic every time I talked about...anything, really, that made me doubt my entire perception of things. I always felt guilt-tripped into listening to you, and taking your side. You would come to me to complain about mom and dad, for hours. And I'd listen, feeling like I wasn't allowed to have my space. I thought that since you had so many issues with them, that I didn't deserve  anything else.

I used to be scared of calling neglect what it was, and that was mainly because of you. I'd compare myself to you every step of the way. I'd think of how you got shat on for having friends or a boyfriend, and would think I had it easy. But at least you developed well enough to have friends and a boyfriend. That in itself proves that you weren't neglected like I was.

Of course you will never believe me, or care, your empathy has always been very limited for other people, and your lack of effort in including me in things when we're together in places is proof of that. You, like my parents, don't see me for who I am. I think it's easier to assume I'm just too sheltered. Makes it easier for you, doesn't it?

At least I can say that I'm no longer scared of you and your weird mood swings. You got married and moved anyway. But I'll never forget your indifference either. You made me feel like shit multiple times, and you have apologized a total of 1 time. Somehow that's more than what I expected from you, but still not enough.

In spite of all of you, I will find myself again. And I will be happy one day and know what it is to be myself, and to be validated by someone. And one day, I'll be good enough to forgive and let go. Today is not that day.

Sincerely,

Dany