EM questions “why im acting weird” then harrasses me and demands my wallet for her baby when I tell her I have ASD.
Im sitting on my bed fuming because I remembered this from a couple months ago and I just had to share it.

Backstory time! I have ASD so I tend to act weird under stress but anyone who knows me understands its normal. It was late september when this happened so this story isnt quite fresh out of the oven.

EM (entitled mom), LK (Little kid), Me (well, me), NG (Nice guy).

Now for the story. I’m walking to my bus stop because i just finished school for the day when I spot EM waiting by the stop and LK (about 9-10) looking at me. I think nothing of it and I stand by the bus stop waiting for the bus. A few minutes go by and I go on my phone because the bus is taking forever normally whenever im waiting for a while I shake one of my hands just to keep myself from being still. So while im waiting im playing Candy Crush with my right hand and shaking my left hand. I hear the little kid walk towards me so I lift my head up so he knows im paying attention. Heres the exchange.

LK: Hi!

Me: Hello, did you need something?

LK: Why are you doing that?

For a second I didnt register what he said, but then I got what he was referring to

Me: Oh, I usually do this when im waiting for something and its taking a while. Sort of something to keep my mind off waiting, y’know?

LK: Oh.

I see LK go back to EM and I go back to doing what I was doing. I catch a bit of the convo from EM &amp; LK but I try not to eavesdrop. But they were talking a bit loud so it was impossible.

EM: Did you ask him why hes doing that with his hand?

LK: Yeah, he says it just a passtime. (Im kind of shocked he knew what passtime even meant)

EM: He doesnt have to do that, ill go talk to him. (Keep in mind, I could hear this so I knew I was about to be ridiculed by her.)

She walks up to me and she starts to say something but i turn away from her because ive seen enough stories to know where this is going. She didnt like this one bit.

EM: You! Look at me! NOW.

Kind of an overreactive response wouldnt you agree?

Me: *sigh* what?

EM: My son told me you shake your hand when you wait?

Me: When im under stress also. (My hand was still shaking, jsyk)

EM: Well stop it. I dont do that when *im* stressed so why should you?

Both me and LK look at EM in dumbfoundment.

Me: Um... excuse me?

EM: You heard what I said! You’re putting a bad image on my son! Whats wrong with you?

*what’s “wrong with me.”* I said in my head.

Me: (Now slightly annoyed) I have ASD, ma’am. So if you would please leave me alone I would appreciate it.

At this point, people are watching us.

EM: oh, im so tired of people saying autism is a real disease! Its from the vaccine! Everyone knows that!

I am both fuming with anger and in awe of how mentally unstable this person is.

Me: Autism is a re-

She cuts me off so abruptly I step back a bit.

EM: I bet you dont even have ASD, I bet you’re just faking it to get your way!

This is the point I snapped.

I pull up an article on the news that has a bunch of kids (***INCLUDING ME***) with autism sharing our experience of ASD. I then pull out my ID card showing I am indeed *ONE OF THE FACES OF WORLD AUTISM DAY.* (if you didnt know, its april 4th.)

Me: See any similarities, b$$$h?

EM turns ghost white. Then she shakes it off by shoving me on the ground! I bruised my and and scraped my leg on the pavement.

Me: what the hell was that for?!

What she says next will never leave my brain

EM: You’re disabled so I can do whatever I want to you! Give me you’re wallet you disabled freak!

Karma incoming...

NG: Ma’am! What is your problem!

EM: MY PROBLEM? HE WAS ASSAULTING ME AND TRYING TO GET MY PURSE!

NG: Im gonna stop you right there. (He pulls out his phone which had a video of her clearly harassing me and shoving me on the ground.) Unless you want this to go to the police, I suggest you stop.

EM: YOU PHOTOSHOPPED THAT! THATS NOT ME!

Me: (to NG) thanks.

NG: (turning to help me up) No problem. I hate people like her.

EM then charges at me and drills her arm into my stomach. This time, I went flying into a shrub so it didnt hurt that much on impact but *damn* it hurt bad. I didnt retain any injuries luckily.

NG: Ok thats it! Im calling the police!

EM: what? But I did nothing wrong!

Me:(visibly bleeding from a cut on my face) OH REALLY? THEN HOW DID THIS HAPPEN THEN?

EM turns even whiter than before. She tries to run off with her kid who was sitting there in shock but several people quickly grabbed her and kept her in place.

The police arrive and NG tells them what happened and show them the video. They arrested the woman for assault and theft. I didnt realize it, but the b$$$h had knocked my wallet out of my grasp and tried to run off with it! They ask if I want to press charges and I say no, but NG asked if he could because he could see that I wasnt in the mood for it. After that I got no word from anyone involved which I am more than ok with. I wish this didnt happen to me at all.