Deadbeat dad suddenly claims he’s an involved parent.
Had a sibling recently go through a 5150. My dad was informed (he has no legal custody or any custody) rushed to the mental hospital to try to get sibling pulled out, claimed he had 50/50 custody. I called mom up to tell her to leave it clear to the staff that he had absolutely no custody, calls me to complain and thinks we’re hiding something. Swears by “God’s Law” that he’s a parent and has rights over medical and personal decisions. Later switched it to say that because he BARELY started paying child support that he has custody. Later switched it that the judge gave him a paper saying despite my mom having full custody, she has to alert him during medical emergencies (she has a restraining order against him) LATER switched it to say it wasn’t my mom’s fault, but it was her fault because her restraining order against him is what caused the drift in the first place. Claims my mom is making things worse for not removing the restraining order.

EDIT: had a few people message ask why he’s not involved.. my father was extremely abusive towards my mother and i to the point i attempted twice, but of course, it wasn’t his fault. my father forced my other sibling to do cocaine on multiple occasions (sibling was 14/15 at the time) and when this was revealed in court, all rights were taken away and he needed a supervisor to see them which he needed to pay and refused to do so. The only reason he even started fighting for custody was to avoid the child support payments. We hadn’t been in contact since January 2020 as he had accused me of fraud to my financial aid counselor claiming I stole his Identity to when I filled out my FAFSA, despite him signing the consent form. He did all of this because I refused to side with him in an argument. We had been no contact since then, claims the restraining order my mom got against him in December 2020 is what caused him to get away from us. My mom wanted him to get tested for certain things, he refused, said my mother needed to pay for it and even accused her of being on drugs to the point CPS came and did a random search on my siblings as well as her. Everyone was also drug tested and of course, results came back negative while he is refusing to this day.