Entitled mother leaves baby in pram, expects worker to look after it.
I worked for a couple of years at a major historic tourist attraction in London. It was good fun and I immensely enjoyed it, although things could sometimes be manic busy and although most customers were friendly, some could be somewhat... unpleasant. Same as anywhere really. It also had some attractions for children, and while manning these I came to learn just how entitled, and irresponsible, some parents can truly be.

One of the features in the gardens is a maze. It is not particularly for children, although they can go in if they want and a lot of them like it. Parents can take pushchairs in if they want, although the staff have the right to make parents leave pushchairs (strollers for Americans) outside if it gets very busy inside.

That day was a hot summer Saturday, and had been very busy. However by the mid afternoon throughflow had thinned out a bit and I was manning the maze on my own as I had done before. I still had three or four groups coming through every minute, and I had taken the decision to ask parents to leave their pushchairs outside the maze.

A lady - not particularly Karenesque - but young and reeking of cheap perfume and entitlement, stalked up to me with her ticket and a baby in a pushchair. I scanned her ticket but politely told her that she needed to leave her pushchair outside. She huffed at me and put her pushchair in a line with all the others. Meanwhile another group of tourists had come up and I was busy scanning their tickets. I paid little attention to the lady as she walked past. However as I rapidly scanned through all the new tourists, I glanced at her pushchair and realised... the baby was still inside!

I quickly ran into the maze and after only a few seconds I saw the lady. She saw me and hissed angrily, and this is an approximation of the ensuing interaction.

EM: "What are you doing here? I've left my baby out there with you!"

Me: "I know, and you're not allowed to do that. You'll have to come out and take the baby in with you."

EM: "But can't you look after him?"

My duties in the maze included scanning tickets, selling tickets, advising visitors and managing the many groups of unruly French, German and Spanish teenagers on language exchanges. My duties did not include looking after smelly babies.

Me: "Madam. I'm here to look after the maze. I'm not here to perform babysitting services for you! I have to walk around quite a bit and I cannot spend all my time looking after your baby. Children, including babies, are allowed in the maze, but not pushchairs. I'm afraid you'll either have to take the baby with you, or leave the maze."

"It's the first break from him I've had all day!" she whined.

"Nonetheless if you won't come and get your baby (who has been unattended for more than a minute now) I'm going to have to call security." I said, bringing my radio up to my mouth and hovering my finger over the send button. "Also, you don't know me. How do you know I'm not some old paedophile you've left your kid with?" (Just to be clear, I'm not a paedophile)

She had no answer.

"Now, are you going to get your baby, or do I have to call security?" I asked.

She snorted and angrily marched out of the maze and grabbed the baby, who luckily was still there. In hindsight I should have just called security and let them deal with it and not let the baby out of my sight, regardless of what a bitch his mother was, but all was well that ended well. She ended up taking the baby around the maze, and about twenty minutes later she came to get the (now empty) pushchair. The look of pure hate she gave me would have alarmed The Rock, but luckily off she went and I was not troubled by her again. You are supposed to always want customers to come back again, but there are some exceptions. She was definitely one of them.