EK tries to steal my sister’s toy!
This Christmas I got my 9 year old sister an American girl doll car that was remote control. She loved it, the moment she saw it she started screaming and hugging me. After we finished opening all of the presents she showed it to her friends on FaceTime. They were so happy for her  especially one of them who is the EK of this story. Because after Christmas she came to our house for a play date, and I had watch them which didn’t really bother me since I was excited to see my sister play with it. But as soon as EK got here she ran into my sister’s room and started playing with her new toy car, she didn’t even acknowledge us. And when my sister saw her playing with it she asked for her to stop because she didn’t want for anyone to break it which I’ll admit was weird because it was hard plastic, but EK ignored her. Until my sister started yelling “stop it! It’s not yours!” She got to the point where she had to pry her away from it and then EK screamed at the top of her lungs, obviously this got the attention of our parents who hadn’t even left yet. ED and EM ran up first asking what happened, I tried to explain the situation but EK cut me off and started saying that my sister attacked her for no reason at all. This made EM say “she doesn’t deserve that if she’s gonna hurt people like this” she then grabbed the car and started walking away I then said “drop that right now, I bought that for my sister not for your demon child!” The ED started yelling something like “our daughter is amazing and perfect in every way your just jealous!“ The EK ran up to the toy car grabbed it from  her mom and ran towards their actual car. Watching all of this my dad threatened to call the police if they didn’t give it back, this didn’t faze them so he ran if front of the car and froze. My mom then came out there and started yelling about 5 minutes later our parent came in with the toy car and the EK and her EPs drove away. We didn’t ask what had happened but I’m guessing it was dumb but entertaining.