EM thinks the ER is a hotel
Disclaimers: 

This story took place BEFORE the COVID situation but in the middle of flu season.

I'm posting this on my phone, sorry not sorry for the layout :) English is NOT my first language, I'm a German med student 

Story:

When I did one of my mandatory internships at the hospital, I used to help out at the ER after-hours from time to time because they where understaffed and where happy to have another helping hand. It was flu season and the hospital was packed. 

It was a particularly busy day because there had been two major and several minor car accidents (icy roads), ambulances where waiting in line for 45+min. We didn't have any chairs left in the waiting room (chairs from the staff's rooms included) all stretchers and beds were occupied and some had to be placed in the corridor. Everybody was running trying to keep up with the work load.

Cue our entitled parent: This very hysterical mom brought her daughter to the ER because she had a belly ache. Of course I couldn't tell for sure, but it seemed like the daughter was a bit overdramatic, the whole thing seemed a tad theatrical. But fair enough, they were placed into one of the cabins. The daughter was thoroughly examined, vitals were checked, an ultrasound was done, blood was drawn. Mother bear was pacing up and down the cabin in hysterics.

The good news came in: the daughter had an upset stomach at worst, she was recommended a heating pad and some tea. We expected the duo to be relieved, but they seemed a tad disappointed. But okay, whatever. 

The attending nurse and I looked at them expecting them to leave the desperately needed cabin and the obviously overflowing ER. When it became increasingly obvious that both were not planning to do so anytime soon, the nurse politely asked them to do so.
The mother glared at us in shock. "Uhm excuse me?! My daughter needs to rest! Let her sleep here, she should be observed by professionals. She's fragile, you know?!"

I could tell that it took the nurse a lot not to start screaming or crying or both. She calmly explained that we needed the cabin because we had to care for a lot of very sick patients that were still waiting, some where visibly in pain.

"My daughter IS sick!!! All these procedures were VERY exhausting for her. She needs REST, she NEEDS this bed, let her sleep for God's sake" The mother started a monologue about why her oh so sick daughter DESERVED the bed and needed to stay.

We then decided to get the head nurse and a doctor (they most definitely had better things to do than listening to momma bear's complaints) who threw them out politely but with emphasis.

Cue a lot of tired head shaking among staff members.

EDIT: 

With so many people suspecting FDIA (formerly Munchausen by Proxy Syndrome) - please keep in mind that this is EXTREMELY rare (overrepresentation by the media might make it seem/feel different, the current estimated frequency 1 in 28 000 000 children!). 

Red flags for FDIA are for example:

- parent is very versatile in medicine and appears unusually calm and "professional" regarding their child's health status, etc.

- loooooooong list of underlying "conditions" and inexplicable "symptoms"

- both parent and child are used to hospitals and know their way around staff

- child often magically recovers/gets better as soon as the abuser leaves OR actually has inexplicable symptoms caused by the abuser trying to make the child sick 

- child seeks confirmation from their abuser when explaining their "symptoms" (often in a suspiciously detailed and versatile manner) and/or parent over-shares

The girl in question was a teenager. When we asked momma bear to leave to ask about pregnancy etc., the symptoms remained the same, the girl didn't seem to be more relaxed when separated from mom. Mom had no clue about medicine and/or hospitals, other underlying conditions were denied by both. The disappointment was more about us not doing "more" to help poor daughter, us just blatantly telling them that nothing was wrong (which some people take as an offense, since they feel as if nobody believes the) and then having the audacity of expecting them to leave.