My mom turned our power off and got my husband arrested
I apologize in advance for the length. My husband (24) just went to school for a new career. This was expensive, but we were living paycheck to paycheck. To manage this, we moved into my mother's trailer for $200/mo. Now my mom is... eccentric. Her and my husband don't get along, and it was already a big sell for him to agree with this arrangement. To be fair, I have my issues with her as well.

 I had promised we'd have our own space, and he wouldn't have to worry about anything. Well, the first incident came while I was at work. I got a call from my husband saying mom had a gas leak and that she had to have it turned off. Thing was, now she wanted our heater. Now I get why she needed heat, but I also understand why my husband didn't want to stay in the house.

For one, my mom refused to not smoke with my son in the house (2 yrs old). My husband also has aspergers, and mom oversteps boundaries constantly. And it would have been an indefinite situation, because mom refused to call an fix her gas. It was a bad idea, so in an effort to fix the situation I left work early with a brand new heater. Too little too late, because mom turned off our power. After giving the go ahead to leave without a carseat, I got off the call with my husband.

When I tried to call my mom, it was going straight to voicemail. Then about 5 minutes later I got a call from the police station saying my husband was detained. I let them know i was on my way with the carseat. Turns out that when I get there they want a statement, because someone told them my husband threatened my mom with a gun!

Aftermath: We moved in temporarily with a friend, and expidited the process of low income housing. My mom swears up and down she didn't say anything about guns to the police, just called to let them know my son didnt have a carseat. She even sent a public record showing two wellness checks to her property. They let my husband go, but took all of his ammo. Important for his line of work, and this whole situation could have ended his career.

At first I just wanted some space for things to cool down, but some new information has come to light. Firstly, my brother has told me mom knew she didn't have a gas leak. She wanted to "call my husband's bluff" since he "knows everything" and didn't realize they would shut her gas off. Second, my sister in law was the other person who called the police. So it was either her or mom that said he threatened her with a weapon. 

And lastly was the second incident. I went to get the rest of my things on her lunch break, because she works from home. She told me to leave, and come back when I was ready to talk to her. That was the only day I had to do this, and included things like my son's winter clothes and equipment needed to start my husband's job. She shut off her phone and ignored me knocking on her door.

She refuses to take responsibility for her part in any of this, to the point of thinking I'm being controlled by either my husband or mother in law. All she has are excuses, and she refuses to understand that I am upset with her. I do not want to roll over on this, because I don't have the best track record for standing my ground. I felt guilty about cutting her out, being the holidays and such. Then I got more information, and my mom tried bartering my things for my cooperation.

Would I be an idiot if I didn't speak with her again? I don't know what she can't understand, and I've tried explaining why I'm upset. But all she does is try to twist things to her favor. If she can't acknowledge any wrongdoing, then I see no point in trying to reconcile. Yes she's done a lot to help us, but I hate it when people use that to excuse shitty behavior. She'll eventually bring my things so she can try and talk to me without my husband there. I think I'll bring a friend as a buffer. I hate conflict, and more often than not I yield under fire. 

I left a lot out since this is already pretty long. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments.