Sister ruined my tenth birthday over candles and tickets because of Evil Mamabear
This happened 20 years ago. I was turning 10 in 2000 and we were having a nice big party for it. Now one thing that isn't surprising in my stories by now is that my sister was pretty badly spoiled by my mother, and had a bad violence streak when she didn't get her way. So much so that on most of my birthdays past a certain age my sister had to get a gift too just so she wouldn't freak out. It was usually just a small gift. Like a stuffed toy or an off brand Barbie doll. And that seemed to keep her happy.

On that day we had some fun at one of those party arcade type places with tokens, tickets and prizes. (I won't say which one for the sake of anonymity) Sis was plenty happy because she was occupied with the arcade games. My friends were all there, and we had a really good time. Then it was time for cake. We always did cake before presents.

My dad lit the cake and everyone was singing the Happy Birthday song before I blew out the candles. But suddenly my sister started trying to push me out of the way while trying to blow out my candles herself. She managed to get a couple of them. But I pushed her back and yelled at her about what the heck was she doing. She just started crying and having a tantrum on the floor while saying that mommy told her earlier that she could blow out my candles for me. My mother EMB ran to her aid and chastised me for being greedy and pushing her. And being the typical kid that age all I could do was yell back that she pushed me first.

EMB said it was no big deal, and that they were just candles. Then said I should just let Sis blow them out first, and then we could redo it. But my dad told her that was not happening because it was my birthday, not my sister's. Then asked her why she told my sister she could blow out my candles in the first place. My mother downplayed it and said that she only told Sis that as a joke and didn't think my sister would take it seriously. But then actually said that I was getting too old for that sort of thing, and to just let Sis do it anyway. But dad blew up at her and said that I was only ten years old and she would certainly never let me blow out Sis's candles on her birthday. That's when they both realized they were making a huge scene, and EMB just surrendered with a fake apology and backed off. Then focused on calming my sister down while dad relit the few candles my sister managed to blow out. Then we somewhat awkwardly did the Happy Birthday song all over again. And the whole time they were singing my sister was sitting nearby on my mother's lap and looking pouty.

My dad gave me money for tokens and I went to play the games. Unlike my sister who mostly played the arcade games, I mainly played the games that put out lots of tickets. And I got pretty good at a couple of them. By the end of the party I had a good pile of tickets to cash in for prizes. My sister though...didn't have very many at all. You could see it suddenly dawn on her that she barely had enough tickets for the low level prizes. So she started crying that she wouldn't get anything good.

My mother EMB being the enabler of my sister tried to force me to split my tickets with her. But I refused. And when I did she dragged me off to scold me by the bathrooms. But I still refused to split my tickets and held onto them for dear life when she tried to take them from me. Thankfully my dad came to the rescue. EMB tried to make him tell me to split my tickets with my sister. But he told her off again that it was my birthday, and I earned those tickets. It wasn't my fault Sis didn't try to get more tickets for prizes.

My sister started crying her eyes out and EMB took her to the bathroom to wipe her eyes and calm her down. I looked at the prizes and saw a green lava lamp that I had a bit more than enough tickets for and picked it because the green color reminded me of Monster Blood from Goosebumps. My sister came back from the bathroom with her face all puffed up and she picked some glow in the dark vampire teeth that cost most of the tickets she had. The first thing she did when she got them was put them in her mouth and hiss at me.

Then as we were leaving and heading out to the car, my sister suddenly bit me on the arm while wearing those vampire teeth. Now I don't know if any of you here have been bitten by plastic vampire teeth. But they freaking hurt! And they drew some blood. The bite was so painful that it made me drop the box with the lava lamp in it. And it broke on the pavement. Which made me start crying. My dad was furious and made my sister spit the vampire teeth out. Then he threw them away in the nearest trash bin and told my sister she was in big trouble. But she just hissed at him too. EMB never really did anything to help in this either. When my sister bit me and I dropped the lamp, EMB actually started laughing. But my dad yelled at her in front of multiple people in the parking lot that she was openly laughing at her own son's pain over getting bit for no reason and just losing my birthday gift that I'd earned myself with tickets. She went very red and quickly shut up, then acted like she was backing up my dad in scolding my sister too just to save face in public.

Since the lava lamp my sister broke could only be bought with tickets, my dad swung us by the local mall and we went into a store that sold lava lamps. And there he got me a bigger and better green one. And he made my sister and mother wait in the car while we were in the mall. My sister had a meltdown tantrum over wanting to go in too. She got grounded for two weeks for biting me and developed a habit of bearing her teeth and hissing at me and dad for months when she didn't get her way. Which EMB openly thought was funny, and would comment Sis looked adorable when she did it. Like mother, like monster I suppose. 

The green lava lamp my dad got me was great, but it was later a victim of one of my sister's rampages when she tore up my room looking for money. I did not bother to get one again until my parents were divorcing and I was living with my dad.