EP thinks I'm a free babysitter, and potential kid-napper?
This happened a few months ago. I work in a restaurant and always love when kids come in. I'm good with kids and if they're happy, the parents are happy and my job is easier.

The restaurant has an open kitchen so you can see the chefs from the seating area. Usually kids wave and say thank you to to kitchen staff and it's really pleasant to see well-mannered children.
As you can probably guess, we deal with a lot of Karen's and Karen-bred children. You can see them coming a mile off and I make the extra effort to ensure they have little to complain about.
Thankfully my boss has little time for these people and allows us to be firm when telling them to politely piss off if they start kicking up a fuss.

I was having an otherwise pleasant day before I heard the boss-music and turned to see a short tempered women dragging her angel child into the restaurant.

EP: "..and if you're good and eat your food the lady will get you a treat. Oh she's looking at you now, you better behave"
(I hate being used as a threat to discipline children)

They had an uneventful lunch, aside from a few extra requests and "allergen" warnings, she wasn't the worst person I've delt with. Until she wanted to have her Cappachino and brownie in peace while she took a work call (she was gluten free and vegan during lunch but that had changed by dessert).

EP: "you go play with the lady while mammys on the phone"

Me: "I'll go get you some coloring to do, would you like that?"

Child: "no mammy I don't want to colour, I want to play with the lady"

Me: "I'm a little busy right now (obviously). But I'd really like if you could draw me a nice picture"

I was doing everything in my power to get the kid to sit still so the mam could do whatever she needed. But that wasn't enough. She decides it's actually her restaurant (I wasn't aware my boss had quit) and direct conversation to her child instead of me.

EP: "the lady is busy, maybe you can help her?"
Child (bless him) proceeds to take his empty plate and make a run for the kitchen to "help the lady" clean up. The mother took her phone call and I took on a second job as a babysitter (good for me, a promotion!)

I stopped the child before he could get past the batista counter and into the kitchen. Well if his wail wasn't ear piercing. I tried to explain that it's dangerous in there and the chefs are very busy making other peoples food. He was having none of it. Red faced and feet stomping, he throws the plate on the floor and breaks it. At this point the absolute daggers I was getting from my boss (head-chef) put a bigger fear in me than this lady's bad Facebook review.

I tried to get the kid to return to the table in a fashion similar to hearding cattle. After he broke free a couple of times zig-zagging around the restaurant - knocking over plants, pulling napkins that where folded on the station, pushing menus onto the ground, and playing with sugar bowls on empty tables - I reluctantly took him by the hand back to his mother.

She looked up from her phone call, clearly angry that the child was bring returned to her, and began to go OFF on me for touching her child. (Something I avoid doing for obvious reasons)
I tried to explain that I'm not a babysitter, I have a job to do, you're child could get hurt, blah blah blah. I was even being nice not mention the havoc he was wreaking and that she was clearly ignoring.
Besides the fact, during covid we try to limit how much customers move around the restaurant, let alone sticking your grubby fingers into sugar bowls!

 "He's only playing, you're not that busy, he's fine I'm watching him, he just wants to see the chefs, why wouldn't you just let him play he's not harming anyone (except for everyone trying to enjoy their food).. who gives you the right to parent my child?"

Emm.. you did actually when you put him in my care 10 minutes ago?

All this while rocking the child on her lap and petting his head, while he continues to wail over not getting his way.
"Oh the lady is so mean isn't she? Yeah she's just a big meany. Don't cry, it's ok"

My favourite line that flew past me during the exchange was: "how dare you touch him?!?"
How traumatising it must have been for him that I stopped his path of destruction!

The incoherent conversation ended with her somehow twisting it into a free meal. I explained how not only is that not going to happen, but she should pay for the plate her child broke. (Petty, yes, but I wanted something to come back at her with).

She took it so far as to try approach the kitchen herself on the way out to speak to the owner. Something I actually would have welcomed, but decided she had taken up enough of our time and caused enough of a scene.

I lied and said the owner was not here, so she can call and complain about me tomorrow all she wanted. I directed her to the till and gave her the bill.
After seeing no discount on the bill, she threatened to call the police (for touching her child? Jesus I wasn't leading him up the road with a trail of candy) and I threatened the same back; for theft if she walked out without paying.

After a few minutes of being berated over being a "heartless person who hates to see a child playing happily", eventually she paid and promised she'd never give us anymore business. Great! Can't say I'm sorry. Take your unfortunate spawn to the next victim, fine by me!

I have many more stories of EPs in restaurants, one of my favourites is being reprimanded for not given a child my shoe to play with.. MY SHOE. That I was currently using to, I dunno, walk in??

The accusations and complaints these people will reach to appease their spawns/get a discount on a coffee is hilarious.