Got a cell phone for my 14th birthday, sister freaked out she didn't get one too and stole it every chance she got, then bedazzled it
This all started on my 14th birthday. My dad took a day off work to host the party and all of my friends were invited over. We had fun playing video games, dancing to music, and eating junk food. Then came time for the presents. One of the presents from my dad was a brand new silver Gameboy Advance SP that had a copy of Golden Sun The Lost Age with it. My sister looked upset because prior to that she'd stolen a lot of money from me to buy her own GBA SP and dad punished her for it and cut her allowance in half to pay the money back to me. So she liked maliciously playing the GBA SP near me just to be petty and try and make me jealous. But it didn't work. And now I had a GBA SP too.

That said, the true highlight of my 14th birthday was when my dad presented me with a Nokia cellphone that was all ready to use. He said I'd earned it for all the work I did for someone so young. I made my first call to his cellphone as a test right there and gleefully thanked dad for everything. My sister though, looked noticeably upset after I got the phone. She was initially doing ok during the party until gifts were opened. As soon as I got the cellphone she just frowned and stayed near Evil Mamabear. Then after we'd finished with the gifts it was time to eat cake. Normally we ate cake before the presents. But that year my dad was a bit more eager for me to open my gifts. When I was finally about to take my first bite of chocolate cake, my sister suddenly swatted the plastic fork right out of my hand and then knocked the plate I was eating from off the table. Then just ran out of the room.

Dad got me another slice of cake and my parents ended up arguing. Apparently my sister had really been wanting a cellphone. And my getting one for my birthday triggered her. So my mother had the idea that Sis and I should just share the phone instead. But dad refused to allow that and said it was mine, and that I'd earned it. And if Sis wanted one sooner, then EMB could buy it and pay for the phone plan herself. That made her yell at him some more and storm out. And instead of punishing my sister for the tantrum she had, EMB just got her some ice cream and they didn't bother me for the rest of the party.

A few days later before school I noticed my cellphone was missing. I asked EMB and my sister if either of them had seen it. But both of them brushed me off and said I probably lost it. So I got the house phone and called my own number. And when I heard it ringing, it was coming from my sister's backpack. Sis noticed this and tried to take off. But I stopped her by grabbing her backpack while she was wearing it. This made Evil Mamabear come running to yell at me. I told her Sis had taken my phone and I wanted it back. EMB said I was being dramatic. So I hit redial on the phone and Sis's backpack started ringing again.

I then said I was gonna call dad if Sis didn't give the phone back. EMB growled at me and then made Sis open her backpack. I got the phone back and Sis called me an asshole before running off. I pointed out to EMB the language Sis used and she just shrugged and said that I was being an asshole. I asked her how, and she just rolled her eyes and said a good big brother should share.

A few days later I couldn't find my phone again. Sis had taken it from it's charger in the living room and ran off with it to hang out with her friends. I called my own phone, but the second Sis heard my voice when she answered she just hung up. I called back one more time and she did the exact same thing. I was pissed. I knew my mother wouldn't have done anything about it. So I called my dad at work. He was mad and said he'd handle it when he got home.

That evening when my dad and I got my phone back from my sister, we'd found she had bedazzled it with lots of colorful little plastic studs from a bedazzling kit she had from TOYS R' US. When dad took it back she screamed that classic bratty "IT'S MINE!" line at him, then kicked him in the leg and ran off to cry in her room. Thankfully all the bedazzling peeled right off and a little Goo Gone with some paper towels got rid of what was left of the sticker glue.

Dad got in another fight with EMB about the phone and what Sis did to it. EMB kept trying to say it was supposed to be a shared item, but dad reminded her he got it for me, and that Sis bedazzling it was just a way to try and claim it for herself. Which was anything but sharing. He told her the phone was mine to do with as I pleased. And if Sis wanted one so bad, then EMB could buy one for her, end of discussion. Then Dad told me from then on I was allowed to charge my phone in my room instead of in the living room like we'd originally arranged. Sis didn't like that and I caught her trying to steal the phone from my room on more than one occasion. The first time she snuck in early in the morning before I was awake. But I did wake up when she opened my door and she froze like a deer in headlights for a moment when I turned my lamp on, and then ran off.

Sis did manage to get the phone and run off with it a few more times. And she used it to talk to her friends as much as she possibly could. This put the phone plan well over my paid minutes and really upped the bill. My dad was furious about that. Sis tried to say that I was the one who used up all the minutes. But I pointed out I usually only used the phone when I needed it. Evil Mamabear tried to say it was no big deal until my dad shoved the bill in her face and said that since it was no big deal, then she could pay the bill for letting Sis keep taking my phone. EMB flipped out after seeing the total and they went back to fighting. In the end dad told EMB if Sis ever pulled that crap again, then she would be paying for the bill.

From that moment on EMB actually kept my sister from taking my phone because she's always been a cheapskate and her own money was now involved in the matter. Any time Sis did manage to get my phone again EMB always begrudgingly forced her to give it back. I don't really know if Sis ever did get her own cellphone as a teenager because I moved out at 15 to live with my dad when my parents were divorcing.