Centrifugal Force against Entitled Mother and Entitled kid
I was reading a post from someone who had been yelled at for not letting their little cousins ​​play with skewers as swords and it reminded me of a story from a long time ago.

First of all, English isn´t my first language so sorry for the mistakes. Let´s go to the story.!

When I was a girl, 8 yo, there was a park in my neighborhood where all the neighborhood kids went. There were swings, slides, and a large world ball-like construction in the center where you climbed, hung and then spun, we took turns spinning the ball. At that time, (more than 40 years ago), the security measures were not like now, I mean, the slides were made of metal, (in summer you burned!), the ground was dirt covered with gravel, and so on.

There were many mothers who watched over us, although not getting hurt depended a lot on our basic common sense, basically, the older ones took care of the little ones. One of the mothers and her daughter were highly entitled, the girl was very aggressive and spoiled and the mother never corrected her.

One day, the girl was on the damn ball, we told her to hold on tight herself well but she didn't pay any attention, so, since it was my turn, I was spinning the ball very slowly. The girl started screaming "faster, faster" but I refused so she yelled at her mother, she got up and started yelling at me I was lazy and to push faster, ignoring my concerns about her daughter's safety until I said, "ok ma'am, your orders" and pushed as hard as I could and, surprise, the centrifugal force acted.

Less than two seconds later the girl flew off the damn ball and fell face-first into the gravel, with a lollipop in her mouth. She had blood and gravel stones stuck all over her face, hands and legs, she lost three front teeth, (baby teeth, luckily, i think), and the lollipop stuck in her uvula (is it called that?) and  almost tore it off.

And the best moment  was my petty 8 yo self saying very loudly to the mother in front of the EMTs, "I told you, ma'am, but you insisted."

And no, I was never punished for it even though my mother told me that I could have avoided the last part of "I told you". My father five high on me when she told him.

Edit, just change some words poorly translated, sorry!