Entitled mother could've killed me and still acts like she's the victim
Note: please excuse any grammatical errors, I am German and posting on mobile.

For context: I was born without a thyroid and have been on medication for my entire life. I also suffer from mental health issues, IBS and have some other problems. 

Well, I thought my situation and home life was pretty normal until I talked about certain things to my friends and therapists. Turns out, that my mom and step dad's side of the family have been mentally and sexually abusing me. I was admitted to a mental hospital at the age of sixteen. In this family I have been bullied constantly for my looks, interests, struggle in math, etc. I've been an introvert for all my life, am interested in art, fantasy-literature (especially Tolkien), get along with animals better than with humans and am in the goth subculture. (I also like other styles of music (like metal) a lot though.)

My mom is very self centered. Even when my therapist told her, that I tried to aliven't she made it all about her and seriously yelled "HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?!"

I have to give a huge shout-out to my amazing dad and my therapists for helping me through all this stuff. Though I'm still struggling with my mental health, I'm now living with my dad and his girlfriend, who are doing everything to make me feel loved and protected.

Now back to the actual story for today. 

Due to Covid, my mother missed out on taking me to my appointments with the endocrinologist and had been avoiding it for 2 YEARS, because "I'm not sitting in this dirty hospital! What if I catch Covid?" She was also jobless at the time. I usually have to go there for my usual check-ups and blood tests every 6 months. Now, my normal doctor has been taking the blood samples and sending the results to my endocrinologist. My old endocrinologist had also retired, so when my new one saw my results, he was alerted immediately, because thyroxin-level was way too low. 

Because the doctor didn't know me yet, he sent a letter to my mom, asking her to immediately make an appointment, but she refused. So he did the only thing in his power: giving me a prescription for a different dose of medication. I was under the impression, that my levels would even out and everything would be fine... Until the doctors at the mental hospital took a blood sample and were shocked at the results. My thyroxin-level was all over the place.

At this point my endocrinologist also sent a letter to my mom, giving her one last chance to take me to the hospital or else they wouldn't be able to treat me any longer. My entitled mother only rolled her eyes and called my dad up to take the day off, because she "didn't have time". My amazing dad was still a truck driver who had been gone for the entire week at this point and had to take several days off, but didn't have a problem with that.

Fast forward to the appointment. I was informed, that the dose they had given me was way off, because well.... The doctor had never seen me before. 

If this is left untreated, you can fall into a coma and even die! 

My dad was so pissed off at her. After the appointment, he made sure I was okay and we got some McDonald's on the way home, while listening to Sisters of Mercy. :)

Luckily I'm much better now. My medication has been set back to the right dose, I'm living in a loving household and my amazing girlfriend supports me through everything. 
I have several more stories about my mother, stepfather and their families, so if you would like to hear more just say the word. 

Thank you so much for reading!
Best wishes, Novah :)

TL;DR: Entitled mother misses out on endocrinologist appointments of her child for over 2 years and could have get them killed.