EM tried to walk off with my mom’s Christmas gifts, injured me, and then claimed I stole ‘her’ items
I honestly can’t believe that this just happened, but here we go. 

I was online shopping this morning when I saw these gorgeous outdoor Christmas lights at really great prices at a local store. My mother *loves* Christmas, but she’s never had the money or time to put any lights up, but she longed to have some. I decided that, as an early Christmas present, that I would get her some that she could be proud of. I purchased some great deals online, like some light-up reindeer (her favourite), some colourful string lights (with the colours red, green, white, blue, and purple), a snowflake-shaped light, and some light up candy canes for her candy cane lane. I ordered them, paid with my credit card, and was actually able to pick them up in store same day. All for less than $100.00, a total steal!

When I get there, I see there’s a long line at customer services, so I decided to browse for a bit. I ended up getting a super great deal on a pair of dripping icicle lights, the buy 1 get 1 free deal! I then added a strand of light-up garland, so she could decorate inside with more than just the tree. 

I know it’s a lot, but I made good money from doing remote lab work at my university, and since I had more than enough saved up for tuition, decided to spoil my family after such a rotten year (What I got for my siblings, Dad and grandparents are not related to this event). 

So I go, pay, and sure enough the line at customer service is a lot shorter. I get in line, wait maybe twenty minutes, and when I’m at the counter I presented my email proving proof of purchase, but it takes a bit for her to scan the QR code as the device is apparently not reading it. I got no problem with that, because hey things happen, when suddenly my own cart is slammed into my side. 

See, what I did was put myself between my cart and the exit. I’ve read one too many horror stories of people just running off with others purchases that I wanted to play it safe. And, it kinda worked. 

Except for the fact that I’m now in a lot of pain because my own cart was rammed right into my hip bone and knee, knocking me over to the floor and nearly making me whack my head. And the crazy lady who did that then tried to push my own cart OVER me!! All while screaming, I kid you not, “YOU STUPID LITTLE THIEF!!” This lady was literally trying to sell that *I* stole her cart!!

Needless to say, I’m super pissed and super in pain, security is called, I’m screaming at the lady to stop lying and give me back my cart, and then *I* ended up detained! Why? 

Sadly, she was black and I was Caucasian, in a time of all this racism craziness. Now before you start on that whole “YoU’rE rAcIsT” shit, I’m not. I couldn’t care less if that lady was an alien, or had purple skin, or was the Queen of England herself! I treat others by how they treat me! And she was stealing my gifts for my mother and claiming I was the thief!!

Angry, I then twisted out of the security guy’s hold, ripped the receipt out of my pocket, and shoved it in his face. “*I HAVE THE RECEIPT YOU [insert a really nasty insult]!!*”

He’s startled, steps back and stares at the receipt, and I snap at him that he needs to get a pair of glasses, because skin colour or not, I have the receipt, that bitch doesn’t, now call me a damn ambulance because I can’t take the bus home from how in-pain my body was from being rammed by my own cart. 

An older security guard, a manager, and the head honcho supervisor come over, and the older guard started berating the younger guy for jumping to conclusions (again, apparently), the manager checks my receipt and, sure enough, it’s all mine! And the  crazy lady has no receipt!

Of course then the lady starts wailing about how I must’ve “sToLeN ‘hEr’ ReCeIpT”, only to have it pointed out that I had used my points card for that store, which was on the receipt, and they could match to my ID. They also had cctv of me with all my items, buying them, and then her coming along and grabbing them and ramming me with my own cart! 

I then have to sit there on a bench with all my items (the customer service girl who struggled to get the QR code to scan returned my phone to me - I dropped it on the counter when I was hit-  and started placing my items I had bought online into the cart, which had now been returned to me) while crazy lady was detained. Police and EMTs arrive not long after (store actually wasn’t that far from a hospital or police station), and after the EMTs loaded me onto the stretcher (my ankle was badly twisted from being knocked over, and I wanted to go to the hospital just to be safe) I give my statement, press charges, before turning to the supervisor as he comes over. He’s very apologetic, and asks if I want anything from the store for free as compensation for this disaster. 

I told him that all I wanted was for a) the idiot security guard to either be rigorously retrained in thinking for once or be fired, b) that I wanted them to hold onto my purchases until I could come back to pick them up, and c) that that crazy lady, who was now screaming “YOU’LL HEAR FROM MY SON!!! HE’S A LAWYER” (which is how I know she’s an EM), be permabanned from their entire chain because who knows if she’s gotten away with it before or would do it again. The super agreed that it was more than fair. 

The security guy who detained me improperly looked horrified, and… 

Apparently crazy lady heard that and went *deathly* pale, before she fainted right then and there! 

I’m now sitting in a hospital bed, my ankle in a cast (the bones cracked), my left hip and knee in pain, my right elbow bruised, and having to call my grandparents to pick me up because my family only has two cars and my sister and Dad are both at work (hence why I took the bus). I’m so pissed it’s not even funny, and typing this out on my phone I don’t care about spelling errors. What happened to me isn’t right, no matter the skin colour, and I’m going to be pressing charges. And I’m in Canada, so I can’t make her pay my medical bill as it’s covered by the provincial plan.

Edit: I’m not going to answer questions for a while, as my grandma’s almost here and I *know* she’s going to be pissed. Not at me, but about what happened. I’m going to need to keep her from screaming at the nurses…

Edit 2: to clarify real quick before my gran drops me off at home, I’m also a woman. Sorry