Entitled father asked for a paternity test
Therapist suggested I should write some stuff down but sometimes I look back and think “huh, maybe that wasn’t so bad compared to some other stuff he’s done.” So I need second opinions. It is 4 am, so give me a break. 


My father  asked for a paternity test last year. Claims my mom cheated on him. This all happened 2020, my father and I had been no contact for a while after he accused me of stealing his tax info (on which he lied on and said I lived with him despite me living and having my mother pay for most of my expenses when I was 17 (at the time) I needed this for my FAFSA, but that is another complicated story, but, it was during this time when things started to get out of control. This was in February of 2020, my senior year of high school. My sibling, mom, and I were in the living room, sibling was arguing with my father over text about the phone bill he was supposed to pay. (my father had gotten both of my siblings brand new iphones to spite me after we had a different argument, bill was pricey) He kept bickering with my sibling, my mom grew tired of it and decided to text him. 

He later pulls out a million of excuses. He says he has some big secret he’s hiding but will reveal it when the time is right, he’s always had a habit of saying that. She laughed it off and told him he’ll never change and that he’ll always be unhappy and bitter. I had joked and told my mom “Just watch him ask for a paternity test like the lowlife he is.” It was almost as if he heard me because he texts back and says one of us is not his. Of course, this enrages my mother because my dad was the one who cheated multiple times throughout their 17 year relationship, the last time being the 4th and the reason they separated and the reason I forced her to kick him out of the house. Also, my dad is the only man my mom has ever been with.

Anyway, he insists one of us isn’t his and demands for a paternity test. We later found out this was just another scheme to avoid paying child support. His mom and aunt came to his defense, saying he had every right while his sister came to our defense. 

He would later drunk dial my then 12 year old sibling and say that it wasn’t him, but the child support offices that forced him to ask for a paternity test because it was protocol for Every Single case despite me explaining how that’s not how that works and the logistics behind it. The case worker also sent paper work of him specifically asking for it. 

To this very day, my father alleges that he never asked for it, but he was forced by the office to do it. 

I have many stories of my father’s lies. Many around the same time as well, especially when he was “forced to cut off communication because we got too toxic and didn’t care about his feelings.” This is just one of many that I am trying to heal from.

EDIT: forgot to mention that the paternity test was not taken. case worker said when a father requests a paternity test and the child is already legally their responsibility, the one requesting the paternity test has to pay for it out of their own pocket. this was the only reason my father stopped asking for it. he also did not specify which child wasn’t his, just claimed one of us wasn’t his.