EM tells me my 14 year old sister “was asking” to be harassed, gets roundly embarassed.
Hi everyone, I’ve known about Reddit and this sub for a while, thought I’d post my most interesting encounter with the Alpha boss that is an angry EM.

Just for those who don’t know:

EM-entitled mother
EK- entitled kid
Me- I wonder who that could be
S-sister
Gf- my girlfriend
T-teacher
H-headmaster
I am on mobile please be nice, on with the story.

So I am 16, almost 17, and my sister is 14. We were raised by a single dad who is ex-military and firmly believes if someone starts a fight with you, then you should end it. I attend a pretty swanky boarding school in the UK, and there’s plenty of EMs and EKs running around, but are the sort of “rich and don’t realize they’re a bit dense” sort of people. Me and my sister are in separate boarding houses but see each other most days. I love my sister, and often feel the need to stick up for her. In the boarding house next to mine there is EK, he is 17 and a very unpleasant young lad. He’s not particularly bright as a student, but he’s in the first-team for rugby and is generally quite athletic. He’s been known to be a bully for a while now, but he also seems to have a darker side, and many girls have accused him of making creepy comments and openly threatening them.

Around the start of October our drama class began to do casting for High School Musical. S is absolutely obsessed with it for some reason, so me being the good brother and one of the favorite drama students (I literally take it as a scholarship), I managed to get her a role as a back-up dancer, and she was really happy. EK also decided he wanted a foray into drama, and was also cast as a back-up dancer, since his acting and singing were questionable at best. This means he was working closely with S and the other dancers most of the time. No problem right? Wrong. S tells me in the first two days that he was already getting creepy with her and some of the other girls, more concerningly, younger back-up dancers.  I talked with my gf about it and decided the next day I’d have a polite word with him (I’m slightly autistic so I sometimes need guidance on how to handle things like this). Next day when I went into the drama room I clearly heard him say something which I will not repeat here to S and another girl. I walked up to him, already not in a fantastic mood, and said something along the lines of “don’t you dare say that to my sister, or any of the girls here, you understand?”. This bitch replies, dead-ass “or what?”. This next part I clearly didn’t think through properly but I said “ well I could either knock your lights out or get you kicked out of the play and the rugby team with what I’ve heard you say”. Now, I’m about 6”0,135 lbs and am by no means weak, but this guy is easily 6”3,170-190lbs, but nevertheless he grunts some agreement out and buggers off. I thought nothing of it and the play went off without a hitch. 

Cut to 3 weeks ago and at 9pm when our homework time ends, I decided to go out with my girlfriend to celebrate 8 months, and I’m so glad I did. We’re walking behind the main school building when we heard someone clearly in distress. My gf immediately went to find a teacher and I ran over to see what was going on, since at first I thought someone had tripped or something. I find EK has backed S into a corner and is threatening her and shouting obscenities, standing in a very predatory stance. She’s lying on the floor with a noticeable bruise on her face and sort of shouting in anger and pain. I immediately sort of grabbed EK and started throwing punches, my only goal was to get this monster away from S. Now, Despite him having size and most definitely strength on me, I quickly realized every time he hit me it didn’t hurt so bad, but when I hit him he felt it more than I did. I attribute this to the fact I’ve gotten beaten up my whole life, mainly because people assume the autistic kid won’t fight back, while this prancy little Princess probably isn’t used to being hit. Eventually I got him in a headlock, which I did maybe hold for a bit too long, and when I let go he didn’t fight back so I just got up and started kicking him. I’m not one of excessive violence but something about this predator attacking my tiny, relatively defenseless sister, had me seeing red. 

Of course, in a case of very bad timing, gf and T show up just as EK starts to get the shit kicked out of him. T naturally separates us, and gets us both sent to H’s office the following morning. Fairly enough,  seeing that EK is badly beaten and that T saw me kicking him, H thought I was the aggressor, which also makes relative sense since EK’s disciplinary record is for the most part clean, and mine has a few fights on it. EM, the queen bitch with the Karen haircut, fake nails and very fake-ran skin, arrives and promptly starts to absolutely go batshit on me for assaulting her” baby boy”. I once again did myself 0 favors by bellowing back just as loud about what a piece of shit her child is, all infront of H. I couldn’t care less either, as far as I’m concerned EK was about to sexually assault S, and this bitch was defending him. At this point I was beginning to think that I could be in big shit, fights aren’t something my school appreciate and I could maybe even face expulsion.

That is, until my gf and my sister show up, having asked H to hear their side of the story, and claiming to have proof m. It turns out S, the clever bastard that she is, had started recording on her phone while it was In her pocket when EK approached her (fucking genius she is)The video lasted 7 minutes roughly, and was full of EK threatening to sexually assault her, saying how she should fight back, etc, and ending after T showed up. At this point H decides that that our parents will meet with him about EK’s behavior and mine. My dad told me that EM basically called me a menace to society along with saying I should be kept away from the “normal” kids (ok bitch I’m autistic not psychotic). My dad was infuriated and said “at least I didn’t raise a pedophile”. Amid their bickering H showed them the video , or better A black screen and some audio. EM then tried justifying EK’s words by saying “well the bitch was asking for it taking to EK like that”. I’m surprised my father didn’t cave her skull in for that remark. In the end EK has been expelled , after some other girls also told H some  of the unsavory things EK has said and done to them. His mother has also been permanently removed from school grounds (she was a careers advisor apparently). My dad is proud of me and my sister got pizza and will get a new computer for her bravery (she responded to all his creepy comments very insultingly, brave of her). 

I should also mention EK’s dad is a charming fellow, also Ex-military, and was shocked to his core by both his Son’s actions and his wife’s response to the video. He has profusely apologized both to me and my sister, and has also said to my dad how remorseful he is that he didn’t raise his son right. I thought It fair to add this just incase anyone thought he was like EM. 
Just thought I’d share what was a very mad experience.