Entitled mother begs rural fire service to give her crotch goblins preferential treatment
for context, the rural fire service here in Aus always drives around at Christmas time dressed as Santa to spread some Christmas cheer and hand out candy to the kids. these people are volunteers that have given countless hours of their time and put their lives on the line for the community and never ask for anything in return. these people also give up spending nights with their families for 3 entire weekends every December. these volunteers don't have to do what they do but they do it out of the kindness of their hearts to bring joy to the kids for free.

so last night was our areas turn to have Santa come round, personally me and my family thought it was great and seemingly so did most of the community. but today there was a post on the local community Facebook group from a entitled mother (we'll call her Karen) trash talking the RFS, accusing them of treating her kids like dogs (they didn't, they toss the candy out to the kids similar to how performers on parade floats do as they simply don't have time to stop cause of the area they have to cover) and throwing a massive tantrum because they didn't give her crotch goblins a 1 on 1 with Santa (they haven't done 1 on 1s during the drive bys since the pandemic started 2 years ago), even though there is literally a special event next Friday (as stated in our local representatives reply to her) where kids can see Santa 1 on 1. Karen also made it her mission to reply to almost everyone calling her out for being entitled, trying to make the RFS seem like POS but only ever really proving how over entitled she is.

Our local representative (who has officially earned my respect for this) replied to Karen calling her out on her entitlement, and told her if she don't like that they wont feed her entitlement she's more than welcome to don the suit in this near 30 degree weather and do meet and greets herself.

TLDR: entitled mother trash talked fire fighters for not feeding her entitlement during a Christmas drive by event and gets called out by our local representative.

NOTE: here's the [pic of the entitled mothers post](https://i.imgur.com/qz8l7iw.png) and a [pic of our local reps reply](https://i.imgur.com/OOW04ym.png) as I don't knowhow else to add images to a text post  


EDIT: heres an honourable mention from the comments I thought you all would enjoy. this [wife of one of the volunteers comment on the post](https://i.imgur.com/XL1vxO0.png) and [karens reply](https://i.imgur.com/aznxCnc.png) plus the thread that resulted.