Entitled mum wants a Christmas present for a baby that we didn't know about
A bit of background: My (F28) small family has a tradition of everyone sending something little to all the children under 12 at Christmas. This has included cousin's children because there's never been more than 5 children in that age bracket- my family is very small. My partner's (M25) large family does not have this tradition but my partner and I decided to keep it up because a few of his cousins, whom we are close to, have had children in the last few years. 
For this story, it's important to know that the golden child phenomenon is very prevelant in one half of my partner's family. My partner is not the golden child, nor was his Dad. His cousin (K) was however the golden child and her mum (EA) was also the golden child of her generation. I have never met K or EA because of covid, living far away and them keeping events small- I view this as perfectly reasonable (partner is vaguely insulted but not enough to angry) and I send them Christmas cards to be nice. 

To the story, this year I bought lego/bath toys (age dependent) and sent them out at the start of December to all the kids (no in person swaps this year JIC). Pat on the back, good job done- nope! Little did I know, K had a baby in October. She hadn't told any of my partner's immediate family. His gran with severe dementia had mentioned that she was  pregnant in summer. We'd chalked this up to be in the same realm as "I remember your wedding to [my father in law]" and "[partner] was so good looking in his army uniform" as its all totally ridiculous but mixing people in the family. K wasn't in a relationship, 20 and had previously told everyone who'd had kids that we they were wasting their lives on the little brats. Plus K's sister had just had a baby. EA had also confirmed that K wasn't having a baby in August when someone mentioned it. 

Yesterday I got a call from an unknown number. It was K and she was fuming. The call went like this:
K: IS THIS [SIMILAR NAME TO MINE]?
Me: No, sorry, it's [my name]. Who is this?
K: YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I SAID! IT'S K, CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!
Me: Right... OK.. Nice to talk to you K. Is something wrong? Is [gran] OK? (Honestly, the only reason the I thought she could be calling and shouting was grief)
K: Well you should know! I can't believe that you sent [cousin] a present but not me!
Me: oh sorry, no- those are for the kids! I'm only sending presents to the babies.
K: WHAT!?! Not sending anything to the baby shower was bad enough! BUT EXCLUDING ME FROM CHRISTMAS TOO! How could you!? I'm going to make sure grandma never talks to you or [partner] again for being such a bitch!
Me: Hang on, did you have a baby? 
K: YES!! You know this! Everyone knows that! Don't play dumb!
Me: Congratulations. And sorry, I guess.. But when?
K: F** YOU!

She then hung up on me. I text my partner's mum and she hadn't known either but had sent EA cash for a missed party in September (she'd not been invited and wanted to just keep the peace). We then did some FB snooping and learnt that my aunt has been unfriended but she did have a baby girl.

In the mean time, EA sent my partner an essay text accusing him of being a terrible nephew for not following K's Instagram or Facebook to see family news or sending her only grandchild a present. (She has other grandchildren, whom we sent presents too) She also said that burning bridges with K was jealous and childish and she'd be sure to tell grandma how cruel we were to make sure we got our comeuppance. She then proceeded to send up amazon links to what K wanted to make it up to her. Each of which was at least £50. It had to be something nice because I have "a fancy job in London". 

The kicker, they're probably still cutting us out their lives for being "toxic" but want presents so they will consider not making sure the rest of the family do too.

Edit: sorry for mobile formatting.