Grandma attempts to ruin our Christmas because I refused to fulfill never agreed upon requests that were literally impossible to fulfill
This turned out much longer than expected, so there's a TL;DR at the bottom. It
doesn't really capture the insanity effectively though, so I encourage you to
read the full thing if you have the time.

The story is about my paternal grandmother, let's call her Ms. Furor. It takes
place over the course of about one year in the blessed pre covid times. Before
we get into it, however, let's give you some background on Ms. Furor and my
relationship with her.

Ms. Furor owns two houses next to the school I attended before leaving my
hometown to study at university. My dad used to pay me to do some chores around
her house which she wasn't able to do herself due to some disabilities stemming
from long-term alcoholism. I've heard stories about her borderline abusive
behavior from different family members and know she was divorced five times.
While working for her I quickly realized how difficult she could be but I
always thought my family members were exaggerating. That was until this story
happened, so let's get into it.

Back in the summer of 2018 I was visiting my parents in my hometown. I had been
living elsewhere for about three years at that point. I decided to visit Ms.
Furor as I had a pretty good relationship with her back then. I was one of the
few family members that was actively in contact with her for other than
financial reasons and she seemed excited about my visit as we hadn't seen each
other in person for about a year. When I called her to set up the time and date
she asked me whether it was possible for me to borrow my mom's car (I don't own
one myself) to help her pick up some furniture she wanted to add to a room for
a live-in housekeeper. I cleared everything with my mom as I thought it
wouldn't be much trouble.

The day came and she picked up so much furniture it barely fit into the car but
everything seemed fine. I carried the furniture into the designated room
through three very narrow staircases (it was a very old house in Germany).
Afterwards we had some coffee and cake together before I left. I then dropped
off my mom's car and headed out to party with some friends from school whom I
hadn't seen in a while. The next day was when everything began.

At around 9 AM, I was still slightly hungover from the great party the night
before, she called me demanding to know know where I was since I apparently
agreed to help her assemble the furniture we bought. This was never agreed
upon. She also demanded that I would bring the car again as she had forgotten
to pick up some things the day before. The car, however, wasn't even in town
since my mom (the car's owner) needed it that day and had already left. I tried
to explain to her that the car wasn't available that day, that we hadn't agreed
to me helping her out the next day and that I was in no constitution to drive
and build furniture even if I wanted to. I did offer to reschedule to another
day that week but she wouldn't have it. She couldn't accept that it was
literally impossible for me to fulfil her request and the debate got heated, I
don't remember specifics but she tried to guilt trip me which is when I snapped
and told her that I wasn't her flying monkey here to serve at her pleasure. She
hung up after that and I thought that would be that. Over the course of the
week I tried calling her several times since I still wanted to help but wasn't
able to reach her before I had to go back to my university town.

Fast forward to Christmas 2018...

I was back at my parents' place for the holidays and the last interaction I had
with Ms. Furor was the phone call I just described. On Christmas Eve my dad
told me that she would be joining us for dinner (as was tradition) and that she
wanted me to pick her up. Now, due to my dad's job it was up in the air whether
he would be able to join us that evening, so he added that Ms. Furor would only
attend if he was also there. In case he wasn't I was just supposed to pick up
the presents from her place. As it turned out dad had to work that night so I
just went and picked up the bag of presents.

This was an ordeal in itself. I drove to Ms. Furor's place, parked in front of
it, rung the doorbell and waited for her to open. This could usually take a
while since her house is big and she isn't the fastest anymore due to the
aforementioned disabilities. After a longer time than usual I called her
landline to inform her I was there. She picked up and told me she was still in
the bathroom and would be right there. It took her about ten minutes to get to
the door (usually it takes like one) during which I was waiting in the snowy
streets at -5°C (23° F for my American friends). When she came to the door she
handed me the bag of presents for my parents, brothers. She also asked me to
wish everyone a happy Christmas and added that she was hoping I would enjoy my
present. I thanked her, said my goodbyes and drove back to my parents place to
enjoy Christmas eve.

Evening had come, we've had dinner with my mom, her mother (a lovely woman) and
my two younger brothers. We already had unwrapped most of the presents before
dinner as we usually do. All in all a very pleasant and typical Christmas Eve
for my family. After dinner we've started drinking homemade mulled wine when I
remembered I still had Ms. Furor's gifts and handed them out. Me and my
brothers each received an envelope with a card in it, but suspiciously mine
differed in size and color. I opened it and read its contents. This is where
the fun begins.

While my brothers each received a complimenting message with 50€ enclosed in
the card I received a scalding letter saying she was still devastated by my
behavior the previous summer and that she was expecting an apology for the
disrespectful way I had treated her. Remember, her demands were literally
impossible to fulfill. I admit I snapped and said something that could've been
taken as disrespect, but continued to reach out wanting to help her while I was
in town. I didn't really know how to react. I was speechless and threw the card
on the table before going to grab another mug of mulled wine.

When I got back from the kitchen the older of my two younger brothers had read
the card and loudly exclaimed something akin to "What the actual Fuck?!?". At
that point everyone had noticed something was wrong and I read the card out
loud (I don't remember the exact wording, sorry). I then told them about what
happened during summer. Nobody could really believe how insane Ms. Furor was,
especially since she had been quietly planning her revenge for about half a
year. The aforementioned brother, who had some extra money due to a paid
internship, asked the youngest of us three whether he needed the 50€ and
offered to pay it himself as he wanted to take all three cards and throw them
into Ms. Furor's face. My youngest brother refused the monetary offer but loved
the idea so that's what they did. I don't really know what happened afterwards,
all I know is that Ms. Furor was not expecting that reaction as apparently no
one in our family had ever stood up to her the way we did. This concludes the
Christmas part of the story. We didn't really dwell on the topic for the rest
of the holidays and still had an amazing celebration together.

Fast forward to the summer of 2019...

My parents had planned a big family reunion to celebrate a couple of important
dates in their lives coinciding (major birthdays plus a significant wedding
anniversary). That party was the first time I interacted with Ms. Furor since
the Christmas incident. I acted as if nothing had happened since I didn't want
to cause a scene on my parent's special day with most of our extended family
being there. This is a rare occasion since the family is spread around the
western world (mostly Western Europe and the US). We were together for about a
week in my hometown going to different dinner places every night and had a
great and memorable time. I even got along with Ms. Furor albeit superficially
and only in group settings, we never talked one on one.

One evening we were having dinner at a really nice place and she came over to
the table me, my brothers and my cousins sat at. They all know what had
happened during the previous Christmas and were pretty angry with her. She
asked whether I was willing to visit her one on one so we could have a talk
about what happened. I was happy to as I don't like to hold onto grudges but
asked her that we talk at eye level like adults with mutual respect as she has
a tendency to twist the truth to suit her needs (I didn't say that part for
obvious reasons). She agreed and asked me to call her to set up a time and date
after the weeklong celebration was over.

A day later I received an email from Ms. Furor stating that she no longer had
any interest in a conversation as it was apparent from my demands that I hadn't
grown and wasn't ready to apologize. She also wrote that she wasn't able to speak
to me on eye level as she had much more life experience than me. Again, I didn't
really know how to process this. I still don't, but enough time has passed that
I have stopped caring about my relationship with her.

Up to this day nothing has really changed about the situation. I have seen her
a couple of times at different family gatherings since then and the
interactions were fine. Probably because neither of us want's to dig this shit
back up during otherwise great family times, but the issue itself was never
really resolved.

So, yeah, that's the story about how I learned that the reported insanity of my
grandmother Ms. Furor was not exaggerated. It might be mild compared to other
stories on here and I'm very happy that I have the rest of my loving and
supporting family to rely on, but it's still something that has changed me in a
way so I felt like sharing. Hope you enjoyed reading.

TL;DR: Helped my paternal grandmother buy some furniture one summer. The day
after she made requests that were not agreed upon beforehand and were literally
impossible to fulfil at that time. She was furious I refused and carried that
anger for half a year until Christmas when she "gifted" me a scalding card
chastising me for my disrespectful behavior. Another half year later she
offered a conversation which I agreed upon if we talked with mutual respect.
Something she agreed to at first but the day after she rescinded the offer via
email because I was still behaving in a disrespectful manner because I demanded
respect.