Entitled Mom demands me to give her a refund after the movie ended.
Yesterday afternoon I was working in the box office, the day wasn't all that busy and was running very smoothly. Then a mother came up to me with her crying daughter asking me if they can get a refund on a movie, the movie in question being "Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City". She seemed like she was a nice person at first, she definitely looked like a Resident Evil fan she had a shirt of it on and other merchandise.  


Anyways, after she asks for a refund I say "sure, what is your movie, your showtime, and what seat numbers." She tells me the showtime and seat numbers but the showtime she told me already passed about 2 hours ago, meaning the movie was already over. The policy of the theatre is we can only give refunds as far as 30 minutes passed the showtime. The conversation went a little something like this:  


Me: Ma'am, this showtime has passed and the movie is already over.  


EM: Yeah I know, you see my daughter was scared and didn't like the movie, so we would like to get a refund.   


Me: I'm sorry that your daughter was scared of the movie and that she didn't like it but I can only refund tickets 30 minutes after the scheduled showtime.  


EM: Surely you can just make one exception just for us?  


Me: Ma'am, even if I were to say yes, the computer wouldn't let me refund the ticket.  


EM: YOU'RE LYING, YOU JUST ARE TOO LAZY TO DO YOUR JOB AND DON'T CARE THAT MY DAUGHTER IS CRYING!  


Me: Ma'am, if I could I would be more than happy to give you a refund.  


EM: LET ME SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER, I'M GONNA GET YOU FIRED FOR THIS!  


I then radio over my manager who comes over to handle the situation.  


Manager: Hello, how can I help you?  


EM: Your employee is being very rude, he won't give me a refund on a movie that my daughter was scared of!  


Manager: Which movie is it for what showtime, along with your seat numbers?  


She of course states the same information she told me.  


Manager: Sorry ma'am, but we can't refund these tickets, the movie is already over. If your daughter was scared you should have came out earlier and refunded tickets.  


EM: SCREW THIS, I'M LEAVING AND I'M NEVER COMING BACK HERE!   


She then gives out a "humph" and stomps out of the building furiously. I was pretty annoyed after this, so my manager let me go on a longer break than usual. After this, the rest of my shift went pretty smooth with no other issues.