EM demands to rearrange work schedule that I can continue picking up her daughter
So, this story started around 2 to 3 years ago when I bought myself an early Christmas present. It was a Hogwarts bag because I am a huge Harry Potter nerd.

So, there's me -OP, BG - beautiful girl and EM - mom of BG

When this story started I had a steady schedule at work, usually 8am to 2pm. So, BG (11 at the time), EM and me waited for the bus together, rode the same bus although they got off a few stops before me. We never really spoke until the second day I had my new bag. On this day I also wore my Gryffindor scarf and my Hogwarts hat because it was freezing. So, BG looked at me with a face that I can only describe as fascination.

BG to EM: Mom, look at the girl over there. You said merch is only for kids but she looks amazing. (overheard this, smiled)

EM didn't say anything but gave her daughter a mean look. BG ignored that and walks over to me and said: I really, really like your bag and this hat is amazing. Where do you got that?

EM: Stop bothering the lady.

Me: Not a problem at all.

And I started answering the question and we started talking about Harry Potter and that I was her age when I started reading it and so on. This went on for a few weeks/months. Then EM got to know that we live in neighboring apartment complexes and asked if I would be ok with picking her up in the morning - EM did home office and could start working earlier when I bring her to the bus and ride to school with her. I said, why not and we exchanged numbers - so, I can inform her when I'm sick or when I need to cover the late shift. This worked like a charm. I bonded quite well with the girl and she began call me auntie - I was totally ok with it.

The problem began when I started my new job in October. The first few weeks were training - it also started at 8am but after that I have a flexible schedule and start somewhere between 7am and 11am. I told EM that in September. When I called her to remind her that she needs to bring BG to school again this conversation happens. Keep in mind, BG is 14 by now.

Me: Hey EM. I wanted to remind you that my schedule changed and I can't go with BG anymore.

EM: But I need you to. I changed my hours and can't change it again. I am already on the kick-list (I will never understand how you can log in late for Homeoffice constantly)

Me: Hey, BG is 14 by now. I'm sure she can cross the road and get off the bus on the right stop.

EM: No, please tell your job that you can only start at 8am that you can bring BG to school.

Me: EM, listen. I can't do that because being flexible was a criteria to get the job.

EM: But BG likes you a lot. She really enjoys the bus rides with you.

Me: BG knows she can call me anytime to hang out or when she needs help with homework (EM doesn't help her)

EM: You can...

Me: I WILL NOTchange anything for a 14-year old that told me multiple times that you are over protective.

After that I hung up. BG send me a text a little afterwards that she is now allowed to ride to school alone... But her mom has told her that after that message she is not allowed to hang out with me anymore. Gues, who meets up tomorrow for a walk 😅