My (28m) parents tried to cancel the wedding with my fiancé (25f) the day before my birthday and over the time we were celebrating Christmas.
IN SUMMERY: We went home to celebrate my birthday and Christmas, while my family said they would help pay for our wedding which ended in them staging an “intervention” that would have broken us up and left my fiancée homeless. 

UPDATE: We made it back home. A few things to mention

Sorry the formatting is terrible. :/

This isn’t the first time they have done things like this. More stories to come. 

Our parents came to us and offered to help pay. We didn’t just ask for money. They offered it after the engagement and wanted to help us out with our money. Its a bit weird. We would tell them things like how we originally wanted to do a bring your own drink sort of deal and my Dad turned around and almost demanded that we do an open bar. He said he would cover the whole thing. So we weren’t expecting a ton of money at all. It felt very forced for some reason. 

The debt is partly our fault. Granted we got our financial info stolen, got into a lawsuit with the bank for a breach of contract had expensive emergency medical expenses, and tried to get loans to help with it all. Never ever get a loan unless you know with complete certainty you can pay it back. 

A while back my fiancée did leave her job at the Post office because of unsafe working conditions. Anyone who works there or has worked there can probably relate to that in some way. 

Some of you have done some digging and have seen the situation I was in. Its improved slightly sense then, as they gave me a $2 raise at work. 

Thank you all for your kind words and support. It means more than you will ever know! 

Strap in because this is a wild ride. My fiancée and my family have always been a bit rocky from when we first started dating because I came from an upper class family and she didn’t. That doesn’t matter to me of corse. I’m engaged and over the moon in love with this woman. Anywho, we are planning on having the wedding next year, just finished our first semester in film school and got approved for an internship for this summer. We moved out of state for school and have been there for about two years. 

         During that time we have had some money troubles trying to make it on our own. So we were heading back down to see our family for the holidays, and we had made a point to set up a dinner so our Dads could meet with us to talk about the wedding and later on come up with a budget to get us out of some debt we accrued trying to get our ducks in a row before we get married. It sounds pretty straight forward. So we get into town, and go to dinner. My Dad, my fiancée’s Dad, my mother’s fiance, and me and my fiancé are all there. 

         Her Dad and my fiancée and I were expecting a conversation about a wedding budget. First thing out of my parents mouths is that we should cancel the wedding altogether, keep in mind this is a full year from now after we are done with school and in our new jobs. They want the wedding called off to focus on us being more responsible with our money and  they haven’t even looked over our budget yet  so they don’t even know the bills we have to pay. Her dad, who had  already paid for the venue, was completely taken aback by all of this and is hearing it from people he has never met before. My fiancée and I immediately got pissed because we had planned to come down to see the venue thinking we could all go together after getting the money sorted out. 

        Then my Dad said in addition to cancelling the wedding we should give up on school, he  never approved of it from the get go, and move back in with him. My Mom chimed in saying that if we were having money troubles and needed their help we weren’t really living on our own at all and to cut back on cost we should sell our pets. Now my fiancé has some issues when it comes to controlling her feelings. 

         She basically went off on my parents saying how its not right for them to do this to us and how its wrong for my Dad to put me down all the time in regards to school. Which I completely agree with. My Dad immediately when on a rant saying how disrespectful we are  being, even though he started it  all by saying  we should cancel the wedding. He already agreed to pay for parts of the wedding before all of this. 

        The only thing we asked him to do was cover the catering for 70 people we invited after he said he wanted to pitch in. At dinner he said he wasn’t going to throw $20,000 dollars out the window. We only asked my Dad for $3,000 after he said he wanted to contribute. He’s a successful surgeon so for him 3k isn’t all that much. Her Dad was contributing 5k and we didn’t ask him to do anything. 

         At this point dinner was a flop. Both my parents just straight up left. I though things would cool but it gets worse. The next day, after meeting with my Mom and exchanging presents, acting like dinner never happened which was odd my Dad called, he canceled Christmas at his house, said he wanted to grab coffee just me and him. 

         I thought he wanted to exchange presents and talk things out. I thought to myself, alright he was pissed and has had time to cool off now he wants to go over the details. So I asked him if I could bring my Fiancée’s Dad so they could have a do over. He said no. I asked him if I could bring a general budget of our finances so we could go over it and I could get some advice man-to-man. He said no. 

         So he pulls up in his Porsche to come pick me up from my fiancée’s Dads house. Doesn’t even get out to say hello. I get in the car and instead of driving out to get coffee we drive to my Moms house. Okay so now it was both my parents no big deal. I go in and its my entire family. They set up an “intervention” to get me to leave my fiancée in another state. 

         They said I can stay with them, they could drain all the bank accounts I have with her, and I could start over. They accused her of stealing cash from their house. They said she was abusive. They said I could find someone better back home. They wanted me to walk away from everything we were trying to accomplish. 

          I could quit school there and go into a more “successful occupation”. I could go back to my old job, which actually pays less that what I am making now, and start classes for an online bachelor’s degree instead of going to trade school. I said no. 

         They said they are cutting me off as their son and are not coming to the wedding. I said fine. I’m heading back home. Her Dad offered to help us with the whole wedding and our money struggles.