Thanksgiving Ruined &amp; Meal Stolen By Entitled Parent
For context reasoning:

You have my sister 30, my dad 62, my mom 65, &amp; myself 34.

The Neighbor (37) and her children - ranging in ages from 17 (Oldest Son) to 9 (the only daughter).

Thanksgiving this year - my mom - a highly disabled &amp; perfect mom in every sense of the word - spent 14 hours getting all the food prepared for everyone. She does this as a Christmas gift to us all - we buy everything &amp; she cooks most of the smaller things. We buy a precooked ham to make things easier on her.

Around 2pm, The neighbor and her 7 kids show up asking if they could join since her husband left her &amp; they have nowhere to go (He found out all but 1 kid wasn’t his &amp; has fled the area). My mom tells them there isn’t enough food to go around for more than the 5 of us. She keeps badgering my mom (all of this taking place while my dad, sister, wife, &amp; I are grabbing last minute things &amp; a huge thank you gift for my Mom). 

Eventually, the kids push in and start making their own plates. 
My mom is in tears and finally just moved away from the door &amp; calls me immediately. We rush home to find that nearly all the food is gone via to-go boxes they brought with them, while they have gone home to eat OUR MEAL. My mom goes to lie down for a few &amp; we call the police. An hour goes by &amp; we wake my mom up when the police finally show up. We explain the situation to them, show them the Ring doorbell footage of them coming/going &amp; what was said, and the police say It’s her word against the entire clan of trash, since my Mom “moved aside to let them through”. They leave without letting us file a report - even having the nerve to tell us we shouldn’t do anything since the woman is “having a hard time” &amp; we should just be thankful we have each other for the holiday.

On Saturday, All of us (mom included) are at the police station with pictures of the before/after of the meal, video with audio from the Ring door bell, &amp; wish to file charges against them for theft &amp; elderly abuse/assault (the mom &amp; her kids knocked my mom over on their way out). We also show the officer video of the interaction of the police response captured by my sister’s phone. 

I’m just heartbroken as we spent all of our Thanksgiving in tears, consoling my mom, and making the best of what was left.