My mom wants the Christmas gift she gave me back.
Apparently the gift i got was not nice enough. It was a wine gift box with a few things and a Starbucks cup with hot chocolate. Spent about 40 dollars.... i know that it's not much money but its what i could afford and since she likes wine and hot chocolate i thought it'd be a good gift.  I am a stay at home mom and we live on one income. She knows that we don't have much money at the moment. She also knows i have alot of nieces/nephews i need to buy for as well as my own daughter.  She spends endlessly and doesn't have any concept of money and also hasn't had to work for the past 15 years. She texted me today saying the gift she got me and my SO was for my sibling that  she made a mistake. I said well the box was addressed to me and that  is what my dad said they were getting us a few months ago.(we didn't ask for anything specific or expected any particular thing) I called my dad and he said that she feels that her gifts were all so cheap and feels slighted. That  she does and buys everything for everyone and goes above and beyond all the time.(shes apparently delusional because this is totally not the case) She will actually lie and say she bought stuff for other people and spend it on herself. Every year
 she is miserable no matter what , last year when i had the funds i spent 100 plus dollars on her. We had alot of changes this year new baby, new house other unexpected expenses and this was my first year not working. She made it out that i did this on purpose and now wants me to give the gift to my sibling who spent the most on her. I don't know how else to explain or show her that's all i could afford it wasn't malicious. I do remember when we were younger she always threw away the gifts we got her at the school Santa's work shop because it was all "junk". ( Fake jewelry, candles, little mom things) edit: I mentioned that i guess to show that I know she could be unappreciative and hateful.  In recent years i was able to afford better gifts and it hasn't been much of an issue. I was definitely caught off guard by her asking for the gift back because she didn't like what i got her. 

My SO and dad say she being ridiculous and to keep it but I don't want it at this point...

What would you do ? Give it back or keep it. 


Sorry for any errors I'm super irritated.