Starbucks Karen
Back with another lady. Specifically my experience and this poor worker’s.



So, in the store Starbucks where we lay out scene. My mom goes off to shop while I get to feel like a full grown adult and use my debit card to get us some breakfast and coffee. So I order, this worker and I exchange small talk as she takes my order.

Keep in mind this poor girl is the only one working and maybe sixteen-seventeen. She starts getting my food and making my mom and I’s coffee when this lady and her kid gets there and is waiting to order. About a minute passes when she glares at me.

EM: God, what did you order? Why is it taking so long?

Me: Sorry, ma’am. Give her a chance to serve you, I guess.

EM: Ugh. Sweetheart, don’t be a deadbeat like these people.

I decide to ignore that when I got my two coffees and awaited my food. This lady yells “YOU NEED TO TAKE OUR ORDER! WE’VE BEEN WAITING!”

this girl sighs and keeps getting my food and finally sets out one of the sandwiches.

EM: Good, you have your food. Now go! Finally, I can be served.

Me: Um...

The worker chimes in and goes, “Sorry, she still has another sandwich. It will take just a minute.”

EM: Gluttonous pig, making a starving child and a tired mother wait so long.

Me: Apologies that you’re unhappy with the two minute wait time, and that you let your child starve til eleven thirty in the morning, but in case you haven’t noticed, old woman, this girl is the only one working. Calm down.

This lady just proceeds to scream cuss words at me and then screams for the manager. This awesome worker here just decides to toss a gift card on the table. 

W: Good Lord, lady, do you want your goddamn diabetes drink or can I give this poor teenager her *FUCKING* sandwich?

EM: YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TALK TO ME LIKE THAT! AND THIS LITTLE WHORE SHOULDN’T ORDER SO MUCH FOOD FOR HERSELF!

W: Do I need to call security?

By this time the kid is crying and I had a few dollars in my pocket so I gave it to the worker and decided to leave.


Yeah that happened and I hope that girl launched a snot rocket into that mothers coffee.