My parents checked my bank account because I didn’t answer in three hours.
Okay backstory:
I moved across the country for school and I’m 19. I grew up in a super religious, controlling, and abusive home. Because of this I felt that every time I made a big decision I’d be ridiculed for not including my parents in the discussion. There’s also a lot of mistrust and trauma from my parents too. So that only adds to me being slow to tell them about decisions I make on my own. I also have a job so I’ve been earning my own money. 

The story: 
I’ve been in a long term online relationship with my partner for 2 years. My parents were not aware of this relationship and even if they were I imagine they would have disowned me because my partner is nonbinary. My parents were the transphobic religious type. 

Anyway there was an opportunity to meet my partner in person over a break. I bought myself a ticket to go to where my partner lived (about 6 hours train ride away). Before this my partner and I had been FaceTiming for months and we knew that we both weren’t catfish. The plan was set and I traveled and met my partner in person It was amazing. 

The entitlement comes in the day after I meet my partner. (Side note I didn’t explicitly tell my parents I was going because they never asked. I also didn’t want a wave of questions that I knew were going to be far too intrusive.) My dad had texted me asking what I was doing at around 7 my time. I saw it but decided to ignore it because I was having a good time with my partner. 

At around 10 I get several texts from my dad telling me to call him now. I was concerned and annoyed so I went into the bathroom and answered. 

Me: hello?

Dad: hi where are you right now?

Me:(name of college town)

Dad: I feel like you’re lying to me. 

Me: {my heart literally sinking to the floor} what makes you say that?

Dad: because your bank statements say you’re in (partners city). 

I was stunned. I knew my dad was very controlling but I didn’t think he’d look at my bank statements for my location. The rest of the conversation continued with my parents basically yelling and crying at me for not telling them about this decision. They also asked for a lot of intruding information about my partner.  I’ll admit I lied about some things but the phone call was littered with guilt tripping and blaming me for destroying our trust. 

When I hung up after getting beat down verbally I went to my partner and cried. I ended up cutting my parents off because this was the last straw. 

Not sure if this is the right sub but I needed to tell someone else about this. If you know a better sub please tell.

Edit: I’ve definitely read the comments and I have a plan for moving my money to a solo account. I just can’t do much about it today. But it is on my plan for tomorrow. I’m grateful for all the comments and all the advice.

Update: I changed bank accounts. So now all my money is in a different account. I know it’s not an exciting update but it is one that was asked for a lot.