My entitled abusive fathers, brother and stepmother is going to rot in prison, and I'm happy about it.
Hello, this is an update to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/EntitledPeople/comments/qyc4c0/entitled_dad_stepmother_and_brother_assaulted_me/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share) /rent because I can't find my journals and I'm currently using Reddit to share my stress. my English is not the best so I'm sorry.

You have a warning this going to be fucked up.

My life (this is the short version of it): my twin and I were born in France, we lived with our mother and our oldest are two siblings. I thought my twin sister hated me since the day that I can remember, but the more I think about it the more I realize it wasn't the case. we were inseparable at first, she loved me. I think it started when we spent the first couple months in Egypt with my dad and his family. My father was a wealthy man, I don't know what he did but he made a lot of money for it. I don't know when it started but one day my lovely father started treat me like trash, while his wife and he treated my twin sister like royalty. I still don't know what's the difference between my sister and I, but they loved her more than me and eventually my twin sister started hating me to. My twin sister and I will spend five month of the year, oh my God, those months was the worst months of my life. They treated me so badly, they would give me garbage and my twin sister got diamonds. Then my family neglect, emotional and verbal abuse turned into physical abuse. My dad and stepmom started hitting me. They started torturing me for things I didn't do, I have a fear of hot stoves, the dark and talking in from the other people because of them. It wasn't just them, my dad other children (let's called them Bitch, Dick and Pablo) started torturing me as well. I got along with Pablo, cuz he always felt our father's Wrath, but Bitch and Dick started hitting me as well. They hated my twin sister so much but they couldn't do anything about it because the guy would beat the shit out of them, so they turned their hatred towards me. They legit torture me by; trying to hang with an power cord, trying to drown me, force me to eat bugs and killing my cat in front of me (RIP Aimer. You dislike everyone but you disliked me the lease) then they started torturing me in other ways. the physically/ psychological abused turd into sexual. I had a really really fucking up memories of Bitch and Dick helping me down and taking turns and I have a memory of my stepmom walking in, saw what children was doing to me, turned around, and walked away. then she beat the shit out of me and threatened not to tell. My twin sister started sexually assaulting as was, but thankfully it didn't last. I remember the day I started fighting back. I think I was about eight when my stepmother was beating Pablo for wearing her lipstick then something just snapped. I grabbed a virus and threw it at her back then I started wailing on her. I got my ass beat on my dad for that but it was worth it, since that day I started fighting back, but only if someone to push me to my limit or when someone was hurting someone I loved. I don't fight back anymore, I'm trying to get back in that mindset but I will stab b**** to protect my family. Eventually my family moved to America and my father and his family followed. My dad didn't help when my family was starving, he only gave food to my twin sister. He didn't care my  family beings broke, he only gave my twin sister money. He didn't care that I got sick and almost died, he only paid attention to my twin sister. 


So why should I bring this up? It's over, my father set mother and brother was charged with battery, assault on a pregnant/disabled woman and I sue them for most emotional damage (They also got charged with some other s*** that is/is not important for the story) My family got 10 to 25 years in prison, knowing my dad he won't make it pass a year (because he's a pussy and he's currently dying) they thought they were win because I was about to back down, I wasn't even going to press charges on them, because that's how broken I am. but they don't know something, the more and more I recognized how these fuckers did to me was wrong, the more and more I want to watch them burn. If anyone is curious about my father's other children; Pablo is now "Papaaloa" and she lives with her now wife and her beautiful kids and Bitch is on her tenth baby daddy and her children hate her more than I do. My twin sister is blaming me because I took with her family (her husband is also getting a divorce) and I'm about to go take a nap.

Twisms!