EM files deflowering in child support court case.
This is my first post, ever. So sorry if it's a bit rambly and nonsensical. TL;DR at the bottom. 

Em- Entitled Mom, E- me, D- Dad, M- my amazing step mom, B1- My older brother, B2- my eldest brother, A- ex boyfriend.

So, for some background, I am 16m and I am gay. My parents divorced when I was 4 because my mom was neglecting the family and my dad worked too much. 
My EM has always blamed D for their divorce, though it was equally her fault, and will do anything to make his life miserable, even though it has been 10+ years. B1 moved out of my moms (at age 16, a year ago) because he was expected to do every chore (which I am also to blame for) and got nothing in return and would get in trouble for dumb stuff, like being 10 minutes late home from curfew. The final straw was when EM promised B1 that she would buy him his own car, but she later went back on her promise for him being late 1 night. This obviously frustrated B1, and he loves cars and was so excited to get one. You may be thinking B1 is was being entitled, and so did I at the time, but I later learned that EM was being overbearing and extremely controlling. She suddenly wouldn't let him do things he used to do all the time, like hanging out with friends, and go on dates with his GF. She also wouldn't let him work if she wanted him to be at home. I used to go over to my dads and get into yelling matches with B1 because I was on EM's side at the time, but then it all came crashing down. Suddenly, I was expected to do all the chores. Clean the entire house, take care of the dogs, cook dinner, bath the dogs, the list went on. EM would just lay on the coach on her phone or lay in her bed, and wouldn't even take the dogs out. If they need to go out, she would stick them in the garage and then expected me to clean up the piss and shit. I put up with it for a while, seeing as I thought EM was going through a rough time with my brother and what not. Then suddenly, I wasn't allowed to do things I've always done. I wasn't allowed to go hangout with friends, I couldn't stay after school; I couldn't do X, Y, and Z. I put up with it for a while like I said, but the final straw was when she wouldn't even allow me to decide who would pick me up from school (there wasn't a bus stop near us). Typically, I had my grandparents (D's side) pick me up from school because they lived maybe 3 minutes away and were retired, and I enjoyed seeing them. She started forcing me to get rides from my uncle and aunt whom I wasn't very close with and they had to go out of their way to get me. I finally snapped, and when I tried to set boundaries she told me to leave and live at D's if I hated her so much. 

That was a lot of back story, sorry. 

Anyways now it's present time. I had a boyfriend, we'll call him A. He was a sweet guy and I really liked him at the time. We ended up having sex (both of our first times). And I was currently living with D (I still am). Fast-foward a few months, I'm at home and I go upstairs (the bedrooms are in the basement) and I over hear D and M talking about something. I walk a little closer when I hear them mention A and me. Now, at this point A and I had been broken up for about 3 months and we never talked. I listened to their conversations when D said, "EM filed in a court document that E lost his virginity while living with us. She's using it as evidence that we're incompetent parents. It doesn't even make sense, this whole thing is about child support!"
I walked into the room at that point, furious. They managed to convince me to not bring it up to her for a few days so I won't be too rash. It's been a few weeks since then, and I've called her out. She keeps deflecting the blame on my dad, and saying that she was obligated to even though this had nothing to do with their court case. She keeps trying to act like nothing has happened, and I don't think I'll ever forgive her for this. She has violated my privacy and dignity for the last time. 

TL;DR - EM files my losing my virginity as evidence that my father is an incompetent parent, event though my brother did the same thing while living with her. I'll never talk to her again.