My Entitled Mom Wanted to Kick Me Out, Got Herself Kicked Out Instead
So this is my \[20M\] first time posting here, but not my first time posting in general, mostly stuff in r/AmItheAsshole. Basically, as a background, my family is very very toxic, mentally and physically. I've been working on standing up for myself and my siblings, but I'm still pretty quiet about everything. It's usually my step-dad \[54M\], who I'm sure I'll post about here eventually, but today is about dear darling mom \[41F\].

The thing with my mom is that she gets stressed very quickly, has no patience, and snaps hard and fast. For example, she once yelled at one of my 9 y/o sisters until and during a panic attack.

Tonight, Christmas Eve, she was in one of her moods and was bossing around my younger siblings, as mothers do, and she got so angry that she told my sub-10 y/o siblings that Santa wasn't real. I wasn't there for that part, since I was working, but I heard all about it when I got home, exhausted and cold. I thought she had calmed down since she wasn't yelling when I came in the kitchen. Oh, how wrong I was. 

She got back to ordering all of us around, including myself, which is fine, but none of us were doing anything fast enough for her. Not unloading the dishwasher fast enough, not folding the clothes fast enough, etc. 

Here's where it gets interesting and a bit malicious compliance-ish: Some of the kids turn on the TV while folding, since all of us are very used to background noise. Our dad was also on the couch, just listening to everything while spending hours checking 5 new emails, as old dads do. Our mom stormed in and took one look at the kids watching YouTube casting on TV of season infinity of Survivor and she lost her shit. She started yelling at them about being distracted and being slow and not being neat and tidy. I had enough at that point, and told her that they're kids, the clothes that they fold aren't going up to her Empire-State expectations regardless of the TV being on or not. I told her to back up, maybe take a nap or something, and said that I'd make sure stuff got done by the time she wakes up. She said she didn't trust me to run a dishwasher (even though she told me to do so after I got home but whatever). I told her she's being a grinch and that none of the kids want to do anything good for a grinch. 

She had this shit-eating grin on her face. As additional background, I'm not very into Christmas. I don't wear Christmas sweaters, don't celebrate the religion, and I do generally complain about how expensive it is to buy gifts that all the kids want. So she suggested "We should do a Survivor if the kids ignore me to watch it. Let's vote out the biggest grinch in the house and whoever gets voted out has to spend the night in a tent in the backyard!"

I originally thought she was shitting me, but she actually grabbed a notebook and called all of my siblings into the livingroom and explained that we were actually going to be voting someone out for the night. At the end of the night, I had a vote. Now, my dear reader, you may have noticed that I never gave a specific number to the amount of siblings that I have. Including myself, my mom and step-dad are the parents of 11 children. My mom got 12 votes, meaning my step-dad had voted her out too. He even held her to her own punishment, but he called her back in right after she finished setting up the tent.

It looks like the snow cooled her down, because she wasn't all snappy when she came back in, but she was incredibly salty.