In Your Own Vehicle? 150 ft away from my son? HOW DARE YOU
So this happened today in the parking lot of my current job (grocery store)

I (18m) finished my classes at my local community college today at 3 and had to work at 430, and so since I wouldn't have time to go home, I got in my shitty dodge and drove to work. It was a really pleasant drive actually, but little did I know it was about to get so much worse. 

So I arrive at my school year job, which is a local grocery store in my area. Now 2 things to note, I vape, not because I enjoy it, but because I chewed tobacco for 3 years and decided to quit about 2 months ago, and after doing some research I decided that picking up vaping and weening myself off of nicotine by going down in levels was the best options to avoid getting sick. I absolutely do not condone underage vaping, but I do believe it is a good way to quit other addictive substances when used correctly, and actually I've made it down to 1.8% pods and will likely leave nicotine behind me in less than a month. The other thing to note is that I have a very old dodge gas pickup truck. I drive it daily, and while it is semi reliable (as in it usually starts when I turn the key) it has an absolute ton of problems, the one important to this story being that my heat doesn't work well, and by that I mean that it only works on high, so I often leave my windows down slightly while I drive to avoid roasting alive in that 5000 lb tin can from hell, and before you ask no I could not sit without heat on, it was 27 degrees out here today.

So anyway, I park in the employee parking section and sit to await the start of my shift (about 30 minutes away.) I feel a craving begin so I get out my vape and hit it (keep in mind truck still running heat still on, window still down about an inch. After a few seconds of listening to my favorite podcast and minding my own business I hear a load thud on the window of my truck, I'm talking loud enough to make to me jump and to slightly shake the truck.

I look over and there is entitled dad (ED) (unmasked, and way way to close for my comfort) I put on a mask, wind down my window and say "can I help you?"

"What the hell do you think your doing?" Is the very curt and rude response I get.

"Um? Sitting in my truck waiting for my shift?"

"You can't smoke here, there are children around, you'll harm my son."

"Sir there are no cars around me for the nearest 150 feet and I'm in my own vehicle blowing said smoke into the side without a window down to prevent it from getting out of the truck. Where were you when you saw me?" 

"Over there." \*points to nearest car, 150 ft away at least.\*

"You and your son were far enough away that this would not effect you, and please either back up or put on a mask, I have family who are high risk."

This angers ED "YOU WILL NOT TELL ME WHAT TO DO WITH MY BODY, AND YOUR VAPE IS HARMING MY SON"

"Sir you weren't close enough for it to effect you until you came over here to yell at me. Please put on a mask or go away, your sending spit all over me which for all I know is contaminated with COVID. I have stopped and I need you to back up and take the precautions before you confront someone like this, your going to eventually infect someone." 

ED blows up, screaming words I literally couldn't comprehend and literally sticking his head in my window. 

"Sir get your head out of my truck or I'm going to wind my window up on your neck." he doesn't listen, so I begin to wind my window up, when it touches his neck (he was in absolutely no danger he still had about 4 inches between the top of his head and the door frame) he flips even more, yanking his head out of my truck.

"OH SO YOUR TRYING TO KILL ME NOW, GONNA STRANGLE ME WITH YOUR WINDOW IN FRONT OF MY SON? YOUR MANAGER WILL BE HEARING ABOUT THIS SINCE YOU SAID YOU WORK HERE. YOUR AS BAD AS THE DAMN N\*\*\*\*\*\*S WHO KEEP MOVING INTO THIS AREA STARTING GANGS AND SHIT." I wind my window the rest of the way up point to my dash cam, and get begin to put my truck in drive, when I feel the shake. This assholes kid, was in the bed of my damn truck. Now keep in mind, I work on my grandfathers tractors often, so I had several old parts in the bed of my truck that I had to run to the recycling center, and many of them were sharp. I wind the window down about an inch again and say "Sir please get your child out of my truck"

"OR WHAT? YOU ALREADY TRIED TO KILL ME, GONNA DRIVE OFF WITH MY KID TOO?"

"Sir get your son out of my fucking truck. This is absolutely stupid, your child is going to get hurt, you flipped out over a non issue, get your kid out now or I'm calling the police on you, not to mention I have several old parts back there which are broken and sharp so there's a possibility of him getting hurt."

"If my son gets hurt I will sue you." 

"Dude I have a front, driver, and rear facing dash cam, both of which are recording anytime my truck is running, which is has been the whole time, I have the entire interaction on camera, along with your kid getting in my truck. Get him out now or I'm calling the police to make you stop."

"Do it then." and so I did. I called the police on this guy, after winding my window up again (ED was still screaming). The police came out, he fed them the bs story about me trying to kill him, and I gave them the dash cam footage. They took our ids ordered ED to leave, took my vape since I'm under 21, and I went to work, bought a new vape to continue my quitting process and have been stewing ever since.

TL:DR ED flipped out at me for vaping when he was in no danger, claimed I tried to kill him, cops were called, and he was ordered to leave.