My brother (26M) with Aspergers continues to abuse me (23M) as an adult
So growing up my older brother had anger issues, social anxiety and generally just a hard time growing up. He took a lot of his anger out on me and he would pretty much blame me for anything that would go wrong. He seemingly never had consequences to his actions, although he was hospitalized after he chased my dad with a knife. Still traumatized by a lot of stuff that happened during my childhood.

Honestly I could’ve let it all go but my main issue is that he continues his behavior towards me as an adult. He’s still emotionally abusive and acts like a victim anytime I try to stand up for myself. He treats our mom amazingly so she never really sees the problem. Any time I would try to tell my mom about it, he would come up with some creative story and turn it into my fault. His anger honestly kind of scares me. I don’t want him in my life but I’m afraid of how to go about the situation. If I tell my parents it’s basically the same thing that I’ve been dealing with since I was young. Them not believing me for some reason even though he was diagnosed since a kid. I feel like nobody hears me and it drives me crazy. Then I turn into the bad guy anytime I try to bring something up. My mom literally told me the other day that I wasn’t remembering stuff correctly from my childhood, and trust me I remember clearly and I’m mentally fine.

Any thoughts? Also I just found out from my grandma about a week ago that he’s had Asperger since the age of 5. My parents didn’t tell me for 23 years.

It’s usually not a problem because we live in different states, but any time the whole family gets together it’s a nightmare. Last year I brought my ex girlfriend for xmas and she got to witness everything and she even told me that my mom was deliberately ignoring my brother’s abusive behaviors. There have been times when I stand up for myself and tell him to get out of my life, but then he proceeds to harass me in the middle of the night via nonstop phone calls so that I can’t sleep before work.

I have no idea what to do. Part of me wants to file a police report next time he does something abusive because my parents won’t listen to me. I understand his condition but it’s not like he treats his friends like this.

tldr; Brother with Asperger continues childhood behavior and abuses me as an adult. My parents won’t believe me even though they’ve witnessed his behavior.