My dad's chronic need to "tell it like it is" causes huge rifts in our family.
I'm looking for advice on this one. Like the title suggests, my dad has an absolutely chronic need to "tell it like it is," regardless of whether or not A) anybody asked for his thoughts, or B) it's even relevant to the ongoing conversation.

Case in point: tonight's argument over a Macbook, of all things. The short version is that I was showing my mom how to use my old 2013 Macbook, and I saw a warning message that the battery needed to be serviced. Not too shocking – like I said, it's a 2013 Macbook, so a new battery isn't the end of the world. My dad (who hates Apple) immediately started denouncing Apple's products, saying that they were all built to break and built to make their customers subservient to their expertise because they make you beholden to their Genius Bar and other services. He then started going on a tangent about how they benefited from child slave labor – and that's where I lost it. I interrupted his rant (however accurate it was) and yelled at him that I'm just trying to show my mom how to use a Macbook, and I didn't ask for a lecture.

The fact that it was about Apple wasn't even the point – he could've started going on about the evils of gummy bear production and I would've had the same reaction. The issue is that this is a constant thing for him, and he then acts shocked when my mom and I have an adverse reaction to receiving a political lecture that neither of us asked for. It's like being accosted by a very angry history professor who demands your attention, but you never signed up for his class in the first place, so why should you subject yourself to that? 

His defense is that we should be able to just let it go in one ear and out the other, but the issue is that he can go on talking for a LONG TIME without interruption, and he just gets more and more agitated the longer he talks. I've TRIED ignoring him, but I can only ignore a raised voice for so long. 

The thing is, we get along great otherwise! This is just the one thing that regularly causes huge blowouts whenever I visit my parents, and I'm beyond exhausted and frustrated at this point. I've given him an ultimatum that if he doesn't seek anger management help (he also has anger issues that, while related, are too long to get into here) I'm going to stop visiting for the holidays, but I don't even know at this point if that's going to make things better or if I need to find another solution somehow. 

TL;DR – During normal conversations, my dad tends to go on long (usually political) tangents to "tell it like it is," even if it upsets the people in the room. He then gets surprised and angry when people react negatively to his unasked-for thoughts.