Lost my brother yesterday...
He didn't pass, that's not what I mean...  He (46m) decided to tell me (45m) that basically he is going to surround himself with same minded people moving forward in his life.  If you don't think like him, share his beliefs and have everything in common with him, he doesn't want a relationship with you anymore.

Long story short, I've battled my whole life to fit in (mentally). Whether acting out as a child, getting into trouble at school or home.  I was the middle child and suffered years of emotional and mental abuse from our mother due to her lack of empathy, love and desire for her second child.  As well at PPD.

At 44, a year ago I almost committed suicide due to my MDD and PTSD.  For 9 months I've been doing 2 a weeks with my psychologist and psychiatrist as well as taking medications (2, twice daily). My family knows I've always struggled and knows I'm trying to change.

I'm a new man...  I'm not depressed, I'm not angry, I'm not lonely, I'm not sexiest or racist or trying to be funny by insulting people.  I no longer bully people or feel the need to be the best in the world, or show off with hey look at me and look what I have.

Long story short, yesterday my unvaccinated, capitalistic  brother told me that mental health is a crutch and an excuse.  He can no longer have a relationship with me unless I stop faking.

HEART BROKEN.

I love you brother, but I've fought against something being wrong with me.my whole life... And finally accept there is something not normal happening in my brain and the best part is I'm getting better.  Getting normal... Feeling happier.  But I'm not good enough?

Now I'm rambling but I really came.to vent...

FUCK YOU JOHN.  I LOVE YOU BUT FUCK YOU.  Your supposed to be my big brother yet you never have been.  You've been my punisher instead of my protector. 

There's no Grey in your world, only black and white... Two opposing sides that never mix.

My world is always grey John.  We're not all created equal, we don't all have the same abilities or capabilities and YES mental health is real.

(JOHNS NOT HERE AND WILL NEVER SEE THIS)

I hope you change your mind, you know where to find me when you come to your senses.