Feeling guilty for living far from my parents
I'm (26f) one of two children in my family. My parents and older brother (30) live in the Midwest US and I live in Europe with my partner (29m), in major city a few hours from the city where he grew up. 

Over the past 5 years, my family's relationship with my brother has detoriated largely due to two very toxic relationships he has been in. We recently traveled to a very expensive resort for his wedding, where my partner and I missed all pre-wedding events because we were not informed of them until the week prior. During the weekend, my parents repeatedly expressed to me how happy they were that I enjoyed spending time with them and that my partner liked them and how upset they are about the state of their relationship with my brother.ajd his new wife.  

The trip went badly and my partner and I have decided that moving forward we will treat my brother civilly when forced to interact but would be making no further major efforts to be a part of his life or have him be a part of ours. This is mainly because we don't wish to make things more complicated for my parents or put them in the position to choose between their children. My parents, understandably, have not and will not give up on my brother.  

I'm now really struggling with feelings of guilt over the impact my choices have on my parents. While it's not the case, I have the feeling that I have rejected them by choosing my current lifestyle. This is intensified by the fact that we spend a lot of time with my partners family and are actively looking for opportunities to move to their city. 

To be fair, my parents have done nothing to make me feel guilty. Early in my relationship, there were some minor issues related to taking vacations together and moving in together (parents are religious), but we worked through these. But I know they never imagined that their lives would look like this. They have stopped trying to hide how much my brother hurts them, and I feel sad that they also have to deal with me living so far and not having any children nearby. They're golden years and relationships with grandkids will certainly look different than they imagined, through no fault of their own.