Family cut my hair without my consent. Is it wrong to cut them out of my life?
I have an extended family on my mum's side that consists of her mother, her 3 sisters and their families. Every single Saturday night I used to go to dinner with them. 

On my aunt's birthday in October, multiple relatives started saying rude things about my hair, which has always been very long because that's how I like it. They said it was unprofessional, wispy, that I never look good, that "you look like one of your mad patients" (I work on a psychiatry ward and I found this very insulting to them as well as me). Normally I ignore their judgy comments but I decided that I could use a trim as I hadn't had one for months. I agreed to let my aunt trim 10cm of my hair maximum to get rid of some split ends. They reassured me I would look really nice afterwards and I trusted they would do a good job. I'd never been to a hairdresser but I trusted these people (clearly, more than I should have)

40 mins later, my aunt and her daughter said they were done and it looked "so nice!!!" Guess what, I had lost 30cm of my hair. THREE TIMES THE AGREED LENGTH. My hair used to be down to my hips, I could sit on it if I tried, and now it was barely at my nipple line. I was absolutely shellshocked. No one apologised when I said it was so short. My cousin pushed me around to show off her amazing handiwork to everyone, repeatedly exclaiming "so pretty!!!" and I kept saying it was much too short, but there wasn't a single family member who stood up for me. The only person who thought it was bad was my twin brother, who asked me how I felt when he drove me home and said he was shocked it turned out like that.

I was devastated and felt I'd lost my identity and my self image destroyed. Also that I'd lost my trust in these people. I cried all night and my parents realised how upset I was the next day and they felt really bad they hadn't supervised the haircut, but they had trusted my relatives too. Unfortunately my partner wasn't there that night and he felt upset about that and cried when he saw me the next day because he is supportive and thoughtful and actually cares about my feelings.

The worst part is that I confronted my aunt and cousin and they were horrible about it. My aunt said "fine then I won't give you any more advice anymore" and said "next time I won't cut your hair again" and "sorry you have reacted this way" as if she had done me a favour that I was crazy to be upset about... And my cousin had the nerve to tell me a) she had a bad haircut in the past which made her feel suicidal (which makes me think why on earth would you do that to me?!) and b) we didn't cut much hair off (I really lost it, how tf do you cut off 30cm of hair and not admit it?!). I was furious and disgusted with them. If they had owned what they did and apologised properly it would've made it so much better, instead of trying to gaslight me into thinking it was my fault for "reacting badly". After that they sent me apologetic texts but I felt it was much too late. I only said thank you for their texts because my mum is so enmeshed in the family that she had a breakdown about the situation, and I had to do it for her sake. I spent the whole week extremely upset. My therapist said I'd been through a traumatic experience and it would take me a while to recover, which I resolved to do.

A friend wouldn't do this to me. Yes they are family but it shouldn't mean lower standards are acceptable. Anyone I told about it was immediately horrified at how wrong it was. But no one in my family could see that. No one else reached out to say they were sorry about what happened - and there were probably 15 people there that night. I felt violated. I know my hair will grow back, but it will probably take 2 years and I have to see it every day, while they all carry on tjiughtlessly. The behaviour in this family disgusts me. They think that I should be over it by now. Another of my aunts writes her son's take home essays and everyone praises him for doing well at school. It's like they have no sense of right and wrong 

I haven't been to any Saturday dinners since and haven't missed seeing any of them, although it was nice to play games with my other cousins before; it's really nice having the night free and not have them pass judgement on my appearance or my life choices. I know they've helped me in other ways in the past, but I don't feel that makes their poor behaviour excusable. I've spent my time doing things I enjoy with people who are supportive and respectful, which seems like a much better use of my free time.

The only complication is that my grandmother has been quite unwell for a couple years with kidney failure. I used to visit her most weeks in addition to Saturdays (no other grandchild did that) and we were very close. I called her once since October which was fine. But I'm still upset because she had been bugging me a lot, saying I should get a haircut, and that was one of the contributing factors that led to this happening - I wanted to look neater to make her happy. And she said that we should all get along and refused to condemn my aunt and cousin for what they did. I'm just worried that something bad will happen to her and I won't have seen her. I've been sick for 3 weeks with a bad cough so I probably couldn't visit anyway, but I am going to Christmas dinner for a short while just because it's not worth causing more trouble... but honestly I really wish I didn't have to go. 

Upon reflection, I've realised that my extended family is probably quite toxic and my life would probably be happier without them. Is it wrong for me to cut them out of my life? 

Any thoughts appreciated. It's been a rough couple of months for me. I'm still upset when I think about it. In two years my long hair will be back but I don't know if I'll ever think positively of my relatives again. 

Tldr: my aunt and cousin cut off 30cm of my hair when I agreed to 10cm. Realised that my relatives are probably quite toxic. Is cutting them out bad?