My mom stole $8k from me…. What to do??
I recently refinanced my house to buy an investment property. This process started on Nov 20th, 2021. 

On that date, my credit score came back at 760 and everything was normal. 

Fast forward to today, I got an offer accepted on my investment property and had to start the process again and they pulled my credit and it dropped to 730. 

I was like, “ok, how did that happen? I haven’t bought anything or opened any lines of credit”. 

After going through all the items on the credit report, we saw that an old-inactive bank account of mine had an $8,000 line of credit used on Nov 27th. 

I opened this account when I was 18 which was 21 years ago and haven’t banked there in a decade. When I was 18, my mom had to co-sign so I could get a personal line of credit to start building credit because that’s one thing you could do back in the day to establish credit. 

I figured my mom accidentally moved money from the wrong account. I called the bank and explained the scenario and asked the banker to call my mom and have it fixed. 

Due to some family issues, I haven’t spoken to my mom in over a year. So, hence the reason I asked the banker to call and fix the issues. She said she would do so. 

3 minutes later, I get a call back. The banker couldn’t reach my mom but said the other banker was there that helped my mom and would share the notes from the call since I was on the account with her. 

Supposedly, she was in the process of doing a home equity line of credit but she didn’t sign in time and her loan application expired (my family loves real estate and leverage). So, she had to start from scratch and it was gonna be another 30 days. This is a classic move that my mom always pulls. She always puts herself in these last minute situations. 

In the meantime, her car broke down and she wanted to buy something nice. She knew she had this money coming so she wanted to pay for the car with cash. But, she was $8k shorty. 

So, what did she do?? She went to our old bank to find old Lines of Credit that were not being used. I’m sure she thought she’d be sneaky and use the money and put it back before I ever found out.  

But, I was in the middles of these housing deals and it got caught. The banker told me that she noted the file that my mom knew it was my account but she needed to buy the car. 

This ended up causing all my interest rates to go up substantially which won’t cost me a lot today but if I we’re to keep all houses for 30 years, at the same rate, it’s an additional $120k in interest because of that credit score drop. 

Even if she paid it off today, it wouldn’t matter.  

It literally felt like someone stole from me. I have had a car stolen and my car broken into a couple times and this is exact same feeling. Plus, very angry and feeling betrayed by my own mother. 

I haven’t talked to her in a year but she knows if she needed money in a bind, she could call me.  

I haven’t confronted her about it yet because I talked to my sister about it and it just made me so mad. 

I would love to hear some feedback and suggestions on how to handle it. 

Thanks