My Mom refuses to take me to the doctor after getting seriously injured
Basically the title. I'm 15m. I play soccer a lot. A month or so ago I was playing ( I primarily play Keeper and striker) and was punting the ball. I wasn't focused on the punt its self, rather where I wanted to put it. This happened twice where I screwed up the punt and just missed the ball completely or had a really bad punt. This doesn't happen often for me. I was also crossing the ball twords the goal a number of times from both the left side and from corner kicks. This all led to the area where my leg connects to my torso feeling really awful. I thought it was a small issue with a muscle but I realize its probably worse than that. This weekend I played in a local pickup game. My leg was feeling fine. I hadn't given my self a lot of time to heal because I thought it was a relatively small issue. I practice dribbling a bit before we started. I took one shot before it was supposed to start, and that was it. I felt something absolutely awful happen. I thought I could feel it straight up detach or something else. It was an awful feeling. I can barely walk now. I have a lot of trouble doing basic things that involve walking and standing up. Sleeping is awful due having to lean on side of my body. It absolutely sucks. Walking around at school is not fun. I was suppose to do the school soccer team this year for the first time. And it was supposed to start this week. I really wanted to do it but I very obviously can't. I talked to the coach and he suggested it could be a stress fracture. Now the part about my mom: I have asked her repeatedly if I could go to the doctor to get it looked at because I'm afraid its worse than I think. Every time she gets frustrated and refuses. She says its just a pulled muscle and going to the doctor won't do anything and they will just say what she says. This is infuriating. I want to make sure i heal properly and she is refusing to take me to the doctor. I haven't been to the doctor in over 2+ years as well. She isn't anti vax, there aren't money issues, she just doesn't want to. I don't like arguing with her bc she just gets all pissed and yells. Not something I have the emotional Capacity or effort to deal with at the moment.

What do i do. I don't want to jeopardize my health or ability to play soccer in the Future.

Tl;Dr I hurt my leg badly, Mom is refusing to take me to the doctor.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Im from the USA