my grandma is always insistent on ruining holiday get togethers
Refreshing! This isn’t about vaccine arguments, so buckle up and get ready to digest the long family history of my grandma hating happiness. 

For background, my grandma is what Id like to refer to her as a TV dinner boomer. She was raised during the introduction of mainstream preservatives and is seemingly addicted to literally nothing being fresh ever. 

ALSO, before someone says “maybe you’re just not good at cooking” everyone else in my family literally sneaks over to my house after holidays at her place (I live across the street) to eat an actual dinner. 

So since moving over here and partaking in holidays with my grandma for the past 3 years, heres how it’s gone. 

Thanksgiving 2019: the one and only time I’ve been allowed to host a dinner at my house. everyone is happy! Most people are getting seconds and my grandpa is even going for thirds. My grandma however, says it was an absolute waste of time to make everything from scratch and how pre made stuff is just as good and even better. What a nice thing to hear after spending the last 5 hours cooking amirite?

Christmas 2019: Ive been spoiled according to my grandma and now we need to eat at her house to give our poor taste buds a break from my cooking. We are served an absolutely indulgent serving of 20 cocktail shrimp and 1 package of velveeta (no hate for velveeta, just the portion size) for 10 people. Grandma said she wasn’t hungry. since we as a family are a hive unit, neither were any of us I suppose. Thank God I had my in-laws coming over, because I basically did a repeat of what I made for Thanksgiving and got to go to bed fat and happy. 

Thanksgiving: 2020, oops! Grandmas house again! Even though now I have a baby and my grandma is fully equipped with two small dogs known for literally hunting down children to bite them. I should’ve known better before getting pregnant though, as my grandma always comes first! Dogs barking the whole time as I basically have to hold my baby at chin level and have to eat while standing. This year we were lucky and got to eat an over cooked spiral ham, but she didn’t make the glaze because she hates glaze and so does the hive unit family too I guess. The dry ham was complimented very well by the dry box mashed potatoes (again, no hate, just not prepared well), and nothing to drink except alcohol. Just to take the edge off ya know. Oh and no turkey because “it’s too big, who’s going to eat all that?”. i hate left overs too grandma!

christmas 2020: I can’t tell you how this went as I was being tortured at my SILs house with homemade dinner rolls and ham WITH glaze! 

Thanksgiving 2021: I’m a horrible person and just had my in laws over because I like eating. My mom and brother ate “dinner” at my grandmas house, which was a variety of boxed pre made goods that were made without any consideration of the directions and over cooked turkey. At least they had a turkey this year. But grandma was angry that the house was dirty, meanwhile she could’ve came over to my house and not had to clean or cook one bit. my bad!

AND FINALLY… Christmas 2021! We made a truce, I am cooking and bringing it over to her house so she can still have a mess to complain about. Or at least that’s what I thought. she just now changed our plans, no more dinner (that Ive already bought all the ingredients for) because the absolute angel of a woman has found out Marion’s pizza will send you a raw, pre made pizza just in time for Christmas! I still am accidentally bringing over all my food for my refugee immediate family to eat.

thanks for reading everyone! Sorry for any spelling mistakes I am not proof reading all this.

TLDR; grandma likes to prioritize her own tastes and makes everyone eat boxed foods they don’t like despite me always offering to cook.