I think I let my sister ruin my relationship with my mother for good.
I (20) am the eldest of 5 kids. Two brother and two sisters. My sister G(17) has been difficult her entire childhood and in teenage years has become a nightmare. G has been physically and verbally abusive to me and our youngest sister M(12) since M was born. When I would try to get my parents’ help or the help from other adults in my life they would always say something along the lines of, “you’re the eldest and you need to be a good example to your sister” or “she’s just a little girl, she’s not strong enough to hurt you.” 

After a few years of this I learned to just keep to myself and not involve myself with G when I could help it. I played with M or hung out with my brothers and generally left G alone. This would upset G and she would cry to my parents and say I was bullying her to the point of thoughts of self harm or eating disorders. Something my parents would punish me for by taking my phone and telling me to stay in my room.

Its fair for someone to think that as the eldest that I would have been hateful or mean to her to make her act this way. I would have done it if I could. When my mom caught me giving anything close to a dirty look to G, she would give me the cold shoulder for days and sometimes weeks. I once told G they were being a jerk and when G went and told on me to my mom I heard her stop from up stairs to the downstairs living space. She had me sit on the couch and ask over and over again, “why would you call her that? Why would you say that? Why OP? Why?” This went on for 20 minutes of her asking and me giving answers I thought she wanted. Until I finally gave the one she had apparently been looking for which was, “because I’m the jerk.” I either stayed in my room or at school to avoid disturbing the peace. 

Then when I was in high school my dad left us and my mom has had to work several jobs to support us all since then. I knew she needed help with the kids and have stayed in the house to cook, clean and watch my siblings. I have been helping with the house, kids and money for the past few years so that it isn’t all on my mom’s head. Through this time G has told our mom lies about me that I didn’t think my mom truly believed because they were so easily disproven. Saying I harassed her in front of her friends at a time I was at work, or saying I stole money from her bank account when her bank account is attached to our mothers so mom could see there was no missing money. I figured my mom knew what a liar she was and wouldn’t believe her when she talked about me. 

A few months ago it was my moms birthday and I bought the cake, ice cream, decorations and gifts from M and me for her. It was a pleasant day and one of the better ones we’ve had in a while. Until that night. It was time for gifts and I went to ask the boys and G if they had their gifts wrapped and ready. The boys were good to go but when I asked G, she got angry and said I hadn’t given her anything to give to mom. I said that because G was 17 and had a job, that I figured she could pick out a gift herself. She got mad and told me to leave. And as I did she yelled down to me that I was a little bitch. 

Our mom heard her yell and went up to talk to G and see what was wrong. They stayed up there talking for an hour and when my mom came down she was fuming. She took all my siblings downstairs and left me alone to clean up a half finished party. When she came up a few hours later she said we needed to talk. She said that G was upset because (unbeknownst to me) I had yelled at her. Then my mom asked why I was so selfish about money. I knew she wouldn’t ask me what really happened and just wanted me to give some obscurely specific answer. I told her I was anxious about money and wanted to keep as much for myself as I could. She said that she felt it was her fault I was so selfish because she never had much money to spare during my childhood so I must still be dealing with that trauma. I just agreed so she would leave me alone, and it worked. My mom wouldn’t speak to me or acknowledge me for a month after that. And I realized that it was possible that my mom did actually believe everything that G said about me. And the fact that my mom didn’t even ask me what had happened on her birthday and just believed G was a punch to the gut. 

That was about 4 months ago and ever since things have been tense between her and I even after she started talking to me again. Every time things ease up G will throw another fit that causes another device between my mother and I. I figured I could live through it because G would be gone in a year and I thought I was helping my mom with my brothers and baby sister M. 

G was more physical with M than with me and when M told our parents about it, neither seemed to believe her. I thought that I was protecting M and being there for her because my parents weren’t able to. And moving has been a painful thought because I don’t want to abandone M. My brothers have only had small arguments with G and because my mom doesn’t think they can do wrong, they’ve never had to deal with too much of that Drama. But because M already has had issues with my parents and G, I felt obligated to stay for her sake. Until tonight. 

We were eating dinner together with my mom and G sitting across from M and me and my brothers on the two ends of the table. M was getting rowdy with the salt shaker while mom was trying to explain something on her phone to us. I took the salt from M and mouthed, “later” to her so she wouldn’t sour mom’s mood. M became grumpy instantly and covered her arm with her hand. I thought she was trying to fold her arms to pout while holding her fork in the other, until mom asked why she was upset. M started to cry at the table and said that I had slapped her for picking up the salt when I wanted it. Mom looked at my hand and saw the shaker still there and did this deep sigh that usually means she isn’t surprised by my behavior, but disappointed. She stood up and told everyone dinner was over and it was time for bed. They all left without a word, I got a few sympathetic glances from one of my brothers and that was it. 

I’m just so numb but angry and ready to cry and scream and end it all, all at the same time. I feel so confused. Why does my mom believe them? When G lies, it’s easy to see the truth and then when M lied, mom was right there! If I had hit her everyone would have at least heard it. I love my family, but I’m so tired. I thought I was helping M, but this feels like a betrayal. I want to be angry at her but I know she’s just 12 and is influenced by G. I love my brothers, but am disappointed that they never get in trouble or say anything. 

I think it’s partly my fault because I never set the truth straight, but I don’t know if that would have helped to begin with. I’m afraid my relationship with my mother is damaged for good and half of me doesn’t care while the other is heart broken, but angry but desperate for her to hug me. I don’t really know what I’m asking advice for. But anything would help. I think I need to leave. I don’t know. I don’t have any family to contact because my dads side cut us off and my mom cut her side of the family off. I don’t know what to do. Thank you for listening. 

(This is a repost, I’m looking for help anywhere I can get it. I’m sorry if you’ve see. This more than once.)