I'm tired of my parents pretending they didn't raise me to be me (rant)
I (25f) was always a very well-behaved child and had really good grades. I never gave my parents any trouble. They both worked full-time my whole childhood, though, so we had nannies come over and watch me / do house chores. Imo that's what made me really independent. I played alone, I started cooking for myself at like 9, and I did most homework by myself (except math bc I hated it; they helped me sometimes at night with specific questions when coming back from work, but they got pissed if I waited for them to start hw). They never had to worry about me. My brother (18) had a completely different childhood because my parents were older, they change their shifts to half-time, and he was much closer with them, my mom cooked for him and helped with his homework all the way through high school. 

That's fine. I love that my brother had the opportunity to share more time with them, and I'm glad he received the help I once didn't. I get things were harder when I was a kid, and they had to work more hours and they weren't able to be around as much.

However, they don't like that I almost always want to be alone, they don't like that I am more reserved and don't share much about other aspects of my life; my older sister told me they think I'm super grumpy, but I'm not, I'm just not close with my parents (I have very close relationships outside my family). But the thing is, they practically pushed me to be that way, and it's really unfair that they don't see where my behavior and attitude come from. It feels almost like gaslighting (they're both psychologists, btw, they should deduct these things). They want me to be like my brother is with them, but I simply can't, and it's not my fault. I like our relationship as is, with some distance.

In short: at 25, my parents want a closer relationship with me but were very absent during my childhood, and I'm comfortable keeping some distance. I hate that parents pretend to forget what their kids' childhood was like.