Can my birth parents take me away?
Throwaway because my parents know my regular account. 
Please don't judge me, what I'm going to talk about is stuff I cant seem to talk to anyone about. 

I'm 14 Male, in grade 8 and going to grade 9 next year. I've been living with my new mum and dad since I was 9 years old. I'm Hispanic so its obvious that I'm adopted. Being in and out of foster care I did learn some of my heritage and I did grow up for a few years with my biological mother and her hundreds of boyfriends. My mum is so beautiful and smart, she is a Black woman and my dad is white so it's nice being in such a mixed family and I speak English, Deutsche(my mum is German) and Spanish I'm also learning French with my dad on duolingo. This is the best family I've ever been with, this is the first family I've been with who help me with homework, I do work around the house and get paid according to difficulty and they actually say "thank you" This sounds silly but I full on cried when my mum introduced me as "her son" to her work colleagues. I've always been introduced as "this is the kid I'm fostering" 
I can feel that I'm loved, I have my own bed, my own room, my own toys. My dad and i are always doing new hobbies. The school I go to now is amazing, I was struggling to keep up in the beginning but now I'm 3rd in class. There are no gangs, no bullying, no one trying to sell us illegal stuff. I'm incredibly lucky. But I do still have to visit my birth parents supervised. I don't hate them, but I don't want to live with them. I know you may think that I don't want to see them just because my new parents are rich but it's not that, I haven't had head lice in years, my parents don't beat me when i break something on accident, I don't live in fear of saying the wrong thing to them, I don't live in fear of them being in bad moods and taking it out on me. My birth parents used to beat us every day, I've gained weight, I actually have energy to read and have hobbies now, I don't have to get a job in order to earn my bed here.  I still suffer from anxiety and some depression and I am on medication. When I get hurt or get sick I don't have to "ride it out" my parents care for me, I don't have to be mean and tough anymore and this feels great. I don't want to ever go back to my birth parents, I know this sounds bad but I don't miss my siblings either, we all hit each other and we all had to be mean to survive. My mum has been speaking about us moving to Germany (we go visit her parents alot) and my dad asked me if I would want to live there, I speak the language well so yes I definitely do. I want to get as far away from my birth parents, from all the stuff they put me through. I'd love to be in a place where I pass as my parents real child and we are always treated as a real family there. I don't know why but my mum told my birth mother about us moving and when I visited her she started crying and begging me not to go, she called me her baby and told me that she needs me here. It felt nice hearing her say those nice things to me but everytime I give her a chance to change it never lasts. They were also using racial slurs against my mum and refer to her as the "N" word "B" word and it makes me so mad! I really don't want anything to do with them, I never want to be in their family again and I my birth mother told me she will have the courts get custody of all of her kids and take me away. She said I'm not a real Hispanic and that my parents will never be my parents because blood is thicker than water. I want to run away, I just can't go back to living with them. Can they make the courts take me away from my parents?