I hate my career, but feel stuck and depressed. Asking advice on what to do from here?
When I was 18, I was kicked out of my house. I had been going to the community college, but when I was homeless I quit going to classes. I was unable to withdraw from some of my classes and am now paying 3000$ of that debt off. 

 I got a job 2 hours away as an electrician apprentice making $12 an hour and got an apartment. I’ve been working with this same company for 2 1/2 years and going to apprenticeship school full time every Tuesday and Wednesday. I am now making $18 an hour for reference. 

While that sounds like a pretty good gig, it’s had its downsides. I’ve been physically and verbally assaulted by multiple journeymen and foremen I have trained under. I understand this is not uncommon in the trades, but it’s hard being on your own with no one to turn too working 72 hours a week and being told how “fucking stupid” you are. I went to someone in mid management after I kept getting shoved and was told to keep it myself if I wanted to stay with the company. This seems to be pretty common treatment of beginners in the trades.
The only thing that they understand is acting out in reciprocity. While I’m not a violent or mean person you do what you have to do to survive.  Ive had to pull weapons and trade insults when I’d rather just work in peace.

This is also the largest company of its kind in my intermediate area. And I have heard similar experiences from apprentices at school. 

I fucked up my back working on my car and struggle with the pure physicality aspect of my job. This is a huge reason I’m trying To get out. If I keep this up, I know I’ll be pretty bad off in a few years. 

When I was younger I always wanted to study philosophy and psychology but always felt to dumb to try. I still feel in a familiar manner, maybe even more so if I’m too dumb for the trades how could I ever do study those? 

My hobbies are reading fantasy, philosophy, psychology and science. I do like building things and having meaningful discussions and debates about subjects I am interested in.

I just don’t know where to go from here but I want out.