My dreams are falling apart and I don't know what to do
Some background, I'm a 25 year old female from the US. I have my cosmetology license and two Associate's degrees, one in General Studies and one in Fashion Design. Previously I had tried for years to be a hairstylist, but the school was pretty terrible, and I had to learn a lot on the job. I was never able to build up a clientele, and my friends who never went to school for anything were making more than I was, and I wasn't even getting to do a lot of color. I really wanted to go to FIT or FIDM for my BFA in Fashion Design, but since my parents were paying for it they told me community college or nowhere. And I'm from Utah, there are no other fashion schools in the entire state, they only offer an AAS. Knowing I wouldn't get a job in this, but constantly being told by the school that a bachelor's wasn't necessary, I finished my AAS in spring of 2020. It was extremely difficult. I created a fashion collection, largely without a lot of help. All during the pandemic. I got a job as a seamstess, and only had it for two months. During that time I was assaulted and had health problems because of it, my mental health took a nosedive, and they fired me for being too distracted and slow. They never taught us speed in school regardless. Utah doesn't have much of a fashion industry, so my only options were really sewing mattress covers. I didn't have enough experience for any other position, they school was super unhelpful when I asked for help with jobs. They just told me to go back and take more classes. I was too burnt out and depressed due to my health issues.

I applied for hundreds of jobs in LA, SD, and NYC. They all wanted me to already live there, but mostly I was rejected for not having experience or a bachelor's. I've remade my resume several times. I tried to get an apartment in those places, and have enough room for a sewing machine, but unless I took a bunk bed, I just didn't qualify for an apartment... Because I didn't have a job. I seriously don't understand how to move out of state I guess... I tried teaching myself more skills, and created a clothing line and put it on Etsy. I paid for advertising on Instagram, Facebook, and Etsy. I made a website and posted regularly. I even got to do a fashion show, which they never gave me the photographs from after promising me they would. A model had also ripped a jacket I had made. After over a year and a half, I've sold some jewelry but no clothing. I really don't know what to do in that.

So at this point I've basically given up on hair and fashion. I love art and drawing, anything creative, but I just don't understand how to escape Utah or get my foot in the door or be successful in these industries. My next ultimate dream was to study at Utrecht University in the Netherlands, do the College of Pharmacy (Drug Design) BSc program, and also get my Master's, learn Dutch, and get dual citizenship in the Netherlands. I had previously done a lot of research on this and even visited the school. I took some chemistry in college and really liked it, not as much as fashion but I do love science. I figured I'd have an easier time in the job market with it. But apparently my research was a bit flawed as I have discovered dual citizenship by naturalisation is not possible in NL or Germany.

I've been studying Spanish for almost 2 years, in 2021 I tried doing the auxiliar program in Spain, which went horribly. I had the plan of living there for a year, maybe sewing in my spare time, perfecting my Spanish, experiencing a different culture and helping to teach English. Then going to the Netherlands for Utrecht. But my situation was really terrible, I was one of maybe 5 people in the Valencian community who was making 700, placed in a city with basically no housing available, and the stuff that was available was too expensive. A long commute from anywhere else, and I wouldn't have even been able to fit a suitcase in the shoebox tiny rooms that were somewhat affordable, with all the money going to commuting. I wouldn't be able to have any hobbies or travel, just work and sleep. The job itself was super disorganized, and they didn't even assign me to the English department. No one knew what they were doing and I wasn't well utilized. With some more things that happened and not being able to find a flat, I left Spain after a month and a half of trying. I lost a ton of money and became pretty bitter. I wish I could've stayed, but visas are contractual and that is one of the very few ways Americans can live in Spain. Around this time is when I found out that the Netherlands doesn't allow dual citizenship. I also found out that to qualify for Utrecht I'd have to take three Boswell Beta courses, which I had known some things about, but unfortunately they take about a year to complete and I thought I could take those classes in less than a year. I didn't know they overlapped until I tried to sign up for them. When I had visited Utrecht I asked what I needed to do to be accepted, and they just told me to apply and I'd find out. So I applied and got a conditional approval, wasted 100 euros on that too. I have yet to figure out how to try to send my physical transcripts because they told me they cannot extend the deadline for me to take the classes to qualify. So I can't qualify. They don't accept ACT or SAT scores either, and my degrees haven't done anything for me. I also haven't taken those tests because my family didn't let me in school. Don't ask why, I have no idea. So I can't go to Utrecht, and it seems I don't qualify for the other research universities that have a BSc in Pharm Chem or similar, either because I'm not fluent in Dutch or because their academic requirements are much higher than Utrecht.

I've been told about hogeschools, or applied science universities. I've been accepted, I think conditionally, to the only two in the Netherlands that have any chem related degrees at all, Han and HZ. But it's more general chemistry, and I really wanted to study Pharm chem / Medicinal chem. Also it would be 4 years instead of 3... I am trying to find out if I can do my last year doing a pre-masters for Utrecht, but I'm not 100% sure. I know I could do my Master's, but I'd still not be able to get citizenship, and if I achieved permanent residence, if I ever wanted to leave for more than 180 days of the year, I'd lose my PR. Germany has this issue too... And I don't qualify for their unis... Belgium allows it but it's incredibly hard to get citizenship there, and they seem to have the same educational issues as the Netherlands, but with even less English programs. Even with my Spanish being really good, I wouldn't want to study a science field in it. I don't trust my language skills enough for such a complicated topic.

Part of the dream of living in Europe for me was the music scene, the culture, different architecture, the healthcare system, and just the experience of living in another country, which has been a dream for me since I was a kid. After visiting the Netherlands 2 years ago, I fell in love with it, and really wanted to study there. But it seems like my options are running out, and things keep getting more and more difficult. I really want EU citizenship... But with all the red tape and bureaucracy and crazy immigration laws, I'm not sure what to do. I'm currently visiting a friend in the UK after all this nonsense, and I've considered the UK, but it's not truly where I want to live, and I have some concerns about the NHS being defunded and the politics going rather downhill... Especially after Brexit. The EU has its problems as well, but still.

So I can't decide what to do. I'm not sure what will make me happy anymore. I just wanted to live in NL and get citizenship and do pharmacology research and drug design. I've looked at some programs in the US, but I have concerns about apartments even approving me, and it seems that specialized bachelor's degrees in pharmaceutical chemistry or medicinal chemistry are harder to find than in Europe or Canada, and it would be essentially giving up on my dreams of living in Europe. I've looked at Canada too, but it's not Europe... I could do the Boswell Beta courses and wait until 2023 to apply again to Utrecht and \*maybe\* get accepted... I'm not sure it's worth it. Especially since I am not willing to renounce my American citizenship; that's a difficult piece of paper to get and would close off a large part of the world and make visiting my family more difficult. I'm not even sure if I can afford the universities in the UK, my family is willing to help me, but only so much. Some of them in USD cost over $32K a year. It would be a quicker or similar route to getting my Master's though. Some unis I've read about don't really have great reviews, and the ones that do are just so pricy for overseas students. Not to mention, all the immigration barriers for any country I go to. Sigh. Sorry this is a long read. If you have any ideas, I'm definitely open to hearing them. Thanks for reading.

Edit: Waiting for Utrecht would be more like 2 years as it would start at the end of 2023, and there is no guarantee I will get in. I realize I’d finish my bachelor’s at the same time as the general chemistry program at Han or HZ though. I just don’t know what to do with myself for 2 years…