I hate things I'm good at, PLEASE help me
I just HATE the fact that I'm more predisposed to arts and humanities than stem. I would give literally anything to switch that. I want to have a career in programming/software engineering because, let's be real, it makes money and it's the future. It's a safe bet. But I am more predisposed to becoming an actres than someone who does math for a living. When people ask me 'what do you want to study later' I feel like I have to tell them I'm aiming for that one 'IT college' everyone with a brain in this country want to get in.

I'm losing sleep over this. The other day I literally plucked gray hair out of my 18 year old skull. A major depressive episode fell over me recently and I feel like I'm squirming under a 100ton boulder. I'm just dying right now. This had NEVER happened to me. I always just knew I'll make it in whatever I chose to do. The spark is just gone, and I don't feel it coming back anytime soon. It used to just resurface after some time but I don't think it's the case now.

Always socialising, meeting others, networking just for the sake of it, being a positive influence, motivating other people - that's what I used to be like. I used to want to get outside, hike, run, watch news, learn more about history, read, write (I used to love reading books and I wrote like crazy, we're talking 10k words a day, it doesn't matter that they weren't the best 10k but still, that's amazing). I had IDEAS man. I had the drive, passion, motivation. Now it's just a wobbly dick, that's what it is now.

Just 9 days and BAM - 2022. Just demolish me God. I used to play games, have fun, now I can't even get out of my house for more than 2 hours. There's dust on my monitor like a 1cm layer of dust on it (not really, but it's still a lot).

I was writing a little journal but it turned into a condensed pile of crazy shit. I'm sorry for cursing. 

So I can't talk to anyone about this - I tried talking to the school psychologist and she said she thinks I have control issues and feels like she's talking to a 30yo woman and that I'll figure it out. Guess what lady I DON'T FEEL LIKE A 30YO WOMAN WITH HER SHIT FIGURED OUT. I weighted 56kg in AUGUST. It's December and now I'm at 65kg. It's not that obvious because I used to work out but still, it has never EVER been this bad.

I'm losing my sanity. Sorry for all caps. And sorry for all the swearing.