If there's anything the pandemic taught me is to be grateful: life is short &amp; things can always be worse. Life is about creating yourself, &amp; I'm hoping those reading this can help provide some advice as I prepare to make calculated changes with a fresh, new start to my professional career for 2022.
A little bit about myself:

Before the pandemic, I graduated with a master's in hospitality management &amp; worked in the food industry. Later, I worked on the food &amp; beverage (F&amp;B) side of a hotel, but decided it wasn't for me. 

For those who've aren't familiar with the industry, it can be a thankless job because of low pay, physical demand, &amp; little-to-no work-life balance. I felt that this was even more true working in hotel management.

Hotels with F&amp;B services extend beyond a full-service restaurant (bar, room service, club lounge, coffee shop), &amp; I was responsible for employees often by myself (a lot of areas &amp; floors to cover for 1 person).

I'd sometimes be in a bind when multiple employees needed assistance simultaneously, &amp; support was limited. Even if other F&amp;B managers were scheduled around the same time, I was also covering for them, so they'd do administrative work.

If my employees &amp; I were overwhelmed &amp; asked for help (short-staffed, peak times, large groups), there was no willingness to help, but a push for me to become a "stronger" manager. So, if anything went wrong, it was my fault.

Yet, when managers from other departments went home, their employees would sometimes come &amp; ask me for help with difficult situations. Of course, I understood I was the ONLY manager on site later on in the evening or at night &amp; assisted them.

The hotel I worked took pride in being the only four-star in the area at the time. Most customers were high clientele, &amp; in my customer-facing role, I had my fair share of those who thought they owned the place &amp; acted unruly, especially if alcohol was involved. Did I mention there was no security?

Since a hotel is open 24/7/365, it was understood that I 'd have open availability. Due to staff shortages (with F&amp;B management), I'd sometimes close the bar at 2 am (on a good day, but it was more like 3-4 am), went home, came back, &amp; open at 5:30 am.

On days when F&amp;B was overall short-staffed (frequent occurence), I'd be running food to tables, bussing, refilling drinks, answering calls, delivering food to rooms, doing tray runs, making bar drinks, etc all in 1 shift (8-16 hours at a time). I was dead tired when I'd come home.

My hours were regulated since I was the highest paid hourly employee at $13/hr. Overtime was limited &amp; offered to meet specific business demand or a need for staff coverage. Even then, I carried the bulk of the physical work because everyone else in F&amp;B was doing administrative work. 

I applied for a convention sales &amp; services position when the job opened at the same hotel. I was rejected 2X (1st time: management chose external candidate &amp; 2nd time: when she changed her mind,  they decided to hire outside even though I was the supposed runner up).

My interview responses weren't the best because I was nervous; so, I wasn't surprised when I was rejected the 1st time around. It was the 2nd time around when I decided to take a more proactive approach to my career. If an employer doesn't recognize my potential value, then it's best to cut ties.

To be clear, the job I applied for wasn't necessarily out of my reach. I may not have had experience, but I could obviously learn as evidenced by my degree, which was also relevant to the position &amp; industry. More importantly, the compensation for the entry-level position was $30K/yr+gratuity.

I took the opportunity to work a telecommunications/sales position. I liked the culture, $10/hr+commission, &amp; work-life balance. With this job I was making $50-60K/yr for an office job. The benefits (free tv, internet, health insurance, 401K) made me feel like I made the right choice.

When the pandemic happened, I was grateful that I was in a position to help people, but I felt I made the most of it. So, I moved onto a larger telecommunications company, where earning potential was at least $72-73K &amp; similar benefits. Unfortunately, I resigned due to the company's toxic culture.

I like sales; it can sometimes be high-pressure &amp; cut-throat, &amp; I don't appreciate it when a company makes it even more stressful by breathing down my neck &amp; micromanaging me. I hired a career consultant to help me job search, but I'm wanting to consider all options.

However, I do think I should start planning for a more permanent career, &amp; I'm looking for autonomy, collaborative, solving problems, high(er) income, &amp; growth opportunities. I'm ok with not necessarily being in sales because it's not always a consistent income not to mention it's easy to burnout.

Money doesn't buy happiness, but it buys me a sense of stability. Also, I'm looking for a company where they're known for employee satisfaction because of low(er) turnover rate. I wouldn't mind working from home or in a remote position that'd give me the option to travel while I'm on the job.

I'm thinking about going back to hospitality &amp; working in revenue management because it closely aligns with sales without directly selling. I'm concerned with COVID &amp; travel being restricted again, affecting job stability &amp; security.

I've thought about being a loan officer, where I help banks generate revenue; but, if the real estate market fluctuates, it also affects job stability &amp; security. I've even thought about being a healthcare administrator, but I'm not sure where to start.

I feel that moving up in healthcare can be difficult because I'm non-clinical. I also think unlike the hospitality or financial industry, many healthcare facilities aren't "chains", so there's limited promotional opportunities.

I'm open-minded to trying new things &amp; willing to take calculated risks if necessary. Ultimately, I'm trying to find a job where I do what I love &amp; love what I do. I'm curious to hear everyone's insight, perspectives, or ideas from his/her life experiences.