Completely lost 19 year old - after moving countries, losing friends and all of my good grades
I grew up going to an international school somewhere in Europe. It is one of the best schools in the country. We were taught in English. I had really good grades in every subject.

3 years ago my dad lost his job, so we moved to a different country to find something else. Unfortunately, my parents couldn’t afford an international school anymore. I had to go to a local school, learning in a language I barely know. My grades turned really bad. Also, as a foreigner, I feel like I’m being treated differently. I’ve had no friends since coming here. I’m basically stuck and alone. 

I finished that local high school this summer. I didn’t go to university because of my bad grades and depression. I’m just at home doing nothing. But I want to change my life. I tried picking up a random job, but it didn’t make me feel any better. I long to the social life school used to give me, the rewarding feeling of learning and earning good grades. Thus I think university is the next step. I don’t know what I want to do as a career, but I don’t really care about that.

With that in mind, these are my options:

- Move back to previous country. Downside: all my friends have moved somewhere else for university. So I’d be lonely regardless. But at least I somewhat speak the local language so it might be easier to adapt. Would still have to find a university that is willing to accept me.  

- Find any other country in Europe to study. This would be kinda lonely as well. And difficult to get accepted because of my grades.

- Try to get into a university in an English speaking country. This would make social life and studying way better. However, it’s hard to get accepted and even then, if necessary, get scholarships.

I guess It’s worth a try. I’m preparing for the SAT exam, as my current grades aren’t a good indicator of my abilities. I’m also learning to pass the CAE exam and I might consider the IB exam. But still...my grades are really bad.

Which option do you think I should go for? Suggestions? Advice? 

Thanks in advance.