42F looking to completely reconstruct life
Hi All, I’m looking to restart my life elsewhere. I’ve envisioned the type of life and environment I want and am hoping to work backwards to get there. 

I was born and raised in coastal Southern California but never felt like I fit in here. I’m not much for the material/superficial nor do I care for the number of people and corresponding traffic here. It’s suffocating and extra overwhelming as an introvert (INFJ) who has burned myself out on support type jobs: customer service/hospitality/office admin. 

At my current job, I support my dept. administratively, do purchase reqs, manage inventory flow, report proofreading and processing, client services, act as a liaison with other departments, as well as attend trade shows in a client facing role. I’m pretty tired of the support side at this point - feels like a whole lot of babysitting and making sure other people are doing their job all while my own is taken for granted which seems common for support staff of any kind. 

I have a BA in Literature &amp; Writing and have been at my current job/employer for 10 years with only a “Senior” added to my title in that time and what amounts to annual cost of living raises with a single salary adjustment a few years back that showed just how underpaid I was prior to that. The org chart doesn’t allow much upward movement in my position so I have another 20+ years of the exact same thing if I stay. Much as I do like a lot of my coworkers, I just can’t do it. 

So, I’ve mainly been looking into data analytics and tech writing, but am wondering if there’s anything else I should research/pursue. I thought I could start something part time/flex/contract to gain experience and hopefully/eventually go full time. I want a job that requires less constant social interaction and consists of me doing something directly rather than supporting others doing their own jobs. Bonus points if there’s a research or creative component involved. 

Lifestyle wise, ideally, I want to get a remote position that will allow me to work from home (anywhere) and live in a small cottage/cabin/bungalow with 5+ acres near both ocean and trees. I just want some peace and quiet, nature and clean air. I’ve considered coastal regions of Oregon, Washington, and New England - especially Maine. Hoping to keep the cost under $500K and preferably lower which isn’t impossible from what I’ve seen. I’m looking for a town within an hour or so drive of a larger city for cultural elements and access to healthcare if need be. I also want an area that is more inclusive, so not sexist/racist/homophobic/etc. I know I’ll need to take a prolonged road trip to really get a feel but if anyone has suggestions I’d love to hear them to help focus my geographic target areas. I’m not afraid of cold/rain/snow but prefer not to be in areas of high humidity + heat. Tropical climates are not for me beyond visits/ vacations. 

I’m unmarried, no kids, and am not currently in a relationship. I do have a lot of family currently nearby, but would only have to factor myself in this move. I can picture this life clearly, just not the path(s) to getting there. I figure the job piece has to come first, income being required to live and all. I can’t go remote or move with my current job anyway. 

I welcome insight or recommendations for any or all of the above. Thanks for reading, regardless, and good luck with all your own paths. :)