29/male/Trouble keeping a job for more than 6 months to a year.
Hello fellow redditers! long time lurker, first time poster.  


Basically, coming to this sub looking for some advice, I'm 29 years old, can't seem to hold down a job for more than 6 months to a year. Coming up on 30, I feel lost. I've tried several "Careers" that I thought would be a good fit for me but they just ended up sucking just as much as the last. I want to go to school, but having no support system at all, (Literally no one, I have no living family, and I moved to Denver from Texas about a year ago and still don't know a single person here) makes it pretty difficult. I've tried so many different things, Trucking,Funeral Transport,Pharmacy tech,towing..nothing really sticks? I quite enjoy the funeral industry but I've not been able to get a job in it other than transport because of hand tattoos which I am getting removed, it's just a long process.  


I don't ever go through periods of unemployment, I'm always working. It's just, after 6 months to a year of working somewhere, ANYWHERE after the "new guy phase" Is over, and I'm trained up,  and I know what I'm doing, it's just I start to feel overwhelmed, I start to absolutely hate every second of it, to the point my mental health starts to get out of control and I become crazy impulsive and anxious and I start to search for a new job. I actually just quit a job I had this morning (With a two week notice so I can go back if needed, last night was my last night working on those two weeks) to go work somewhere else that pays more, but I know it's still going to suck because I've worked in a pharmacy before, and retail sucks all around; yet here I am fucking up again (For some reason I feel like complete shit for quitting my job to go to a new one)  


I acknowledge there is something wrong with me, I know this is not normal behavior, and I do have ADHD that is treated with meds. (Untreated depression, but even when it is treated nothing really changes) I legitimately feel like a failure, I'm nearly 30, broke as fuck, credit ruined from dumb decisions when I was younger and medical bills, no career, thought about starting up my own business but I don't even have an idea on where to begin nor the capital to even startup.  


TLDR: I'm almost 30, can't hold a job because of either my personality/mental problems and lost