I made a terrible mistake. Should I start again? (Going to see GP on friday) + Need advice
I haven't been diagnosed with anything but symptoms is related to gerd/acid reflux and I'm kind of new to all of this gerd stuff. 





Last month, I had the most terrible heartburn (before taking medication) and went to see my GP next day. I told my doctor the problem and the doctor did some quick checkups like blood pressure, oximeter pulse, felt my stomach and liver, listen to my heart beat and said its all good. He then prescribed me lansoprazole 30mg and said to take them for 4 week

I took it on the first day. Nothing special happened and felt the same until on my 5th day, my symptoms gotten better to nothing. Then here is where the mistakes starts to begin. After a few days of dieting from 1-7 days, I started to eat fried food, takeaways, fish and chips, spicy foods, fizzy drinks. Nothing had happened so I thought I was all good. These capsules made hungry a lot so I always have something to eat. Began eating chocolate, crisps, sweets etc. 

I then researched online that I was meant to take it for 2 weeks since its not safe to take long term. Now this is the regret I'm feeling right now. My doctor said to take it for 4 weeks but instead, I only did for 2 weeks just because of anxiety from online. Basically thinking of the worst and negatives on ppi's.

After I stopped on week 2, I just went cold turkey after. Nothing really happened on my first week as I still ate spicy food, takeaways, you name it. Then I started to notice some burning sensation on my chest (mild but it is bothersome) and Then after I completely lost my appetite. 

Now I'm on 2nd week of stopping lansoprazole and I'm still feeling the same like No appetite and burning sensation on the chest. To be honest I don't know if this is acid rebound as somebody said that it feels like "kicking you in the stomach every 30 seconds") which I don't feel like that. It's more of a flare up feeling at the moment as it sounds like.

Looking back now, I feel ashamed. I should of done better and researched more. I'm now feeling sad and upset and I don't know if I'm ever gonna be healed. Feeling deepest regrets just writing this post. I should of listened to my doctor and this time I went to take this more seriously.



Coud anybody give me advice in advance. It would be greatly  appreciated. 

Will these symptoms go away?

Should I give it another go? (Think will do it anyways)

Thank you for taking your time reading. 

I will keep updating this post from now on.




Quick Update 24/12/2021: so I went to see my GP and told my mistake. He told me to do a full course this time for 4 week with lansoprazole. He then gave me a stool test for pylori. But since I haven't taken PPI'S for 2 weeks I can do it straight away before I go back to ppi's 

I noticed some symptom I had from 2 days ago. I mentioned that I had no appetite, well it came back yesterday and today aswell. I was so hungry when I was trying to sleep. At the moment, the symptoms I only have is irritation feeling in the chest. It does feeling something wrong tho. It's not painful but bothersome.

I'm hoping to get sorted out soon. I will keep posted from now on. I will let you guys know about the shit test aswell.