This disease is driving me the absolute nuts
Tl;dr: I'm very weak and unable to basically do anything, doctors haven't found a cause for why my symptoms are getting worse, and no meds or remedies have helped.


I was diagnosed with GERD last january, and it feels like it's been years since that. 
Why? Well, because my symptoms keep getting worse and worse and worse....
I've tried every thing I can possibly think of, and what has been recommended to me in this subreddit earlier, but nothing has worked...
Not to mention that every med I've been on have also not worked.
I'm desperate. I am sick 6 out of 7 days in a week, I can't sleep, cause I keep waking up to the horribleness of nausea and sometimes vomiting. My blood sugars go to absolute s#it because I can't eat, So I get dizzy and shiver, get headaches...
My boyfriend who's been very lovely has been doing almost every single errand for me because I literally can't  even leave my house most days. Not even my bed. I just lay down near vomiting bucket, emotionally dying. When I do go to store the rare days I can I am so weak I have to take breaks after 5-10 minutes of very slow walking, and a few times my bf has had to HALF carry me back home 
I can't digest absolutely anything else than f*#ing oats.
This "wonderful" Healthcare of finland has also completely destroyed my patience.
Every time I go to ER they'll give me lovely occasional esomeprazole treatments of 2 weeks everytime I have to go to ER when I haven't eaten for weeks and am on the edge of decaying. They'll just tell me to eat which I do everytime I am not vomiting my guts out.
Since october, I also can no longer afford to go to doctor or er because it costs money as we all know. (And yes it is not a lot, but I am quite poor so I really cannot afford it if I want roof over my head) Last time I went to ER it was in october, and still nothing new. Symptoms keep getting worse for no apparent reason.
I'm only 18 and sometimes I feel like my entire life is ruined because of this, I am so tired. I mean what can I even do?
Due to family issues I also had to move out on my own this year, even tho severely ill.... I'm glad to have my bf.
If anyone read this until the end, thank you. I appreciate it.