Sharing a success story from LPR
TLDR: With lots of patience, strict adherence to diet, lifestyle modification and medication, time will heal your LPR, albeit at a very slow rate.

Late 30s and non smoker and occasional alcohol.I started having LPR symptoms back in April 2021 such as globus sensation, feeling of a tight neck, burning throat and back of the mouth. By end April 2021, the symptoms were at its worst with heartburn feeling on the worst days. For the 1st 3 months from May to July, the symptoms were getting better though the healing was painfully slow but it’s more of a roller coaster ride with ups and downs. By August, my symptoms of were much improved though I accidentally ate some trigger food that took me 2-3 weeks to recover after each episode. By October, I was mostly symptom free and I started to wean off omeprazole evening dose in November. Currently, i am only taking 20mg omeprazole every 2 days and is still staying symptom free though if I eat too much of a trigger food, some mild symptoms will come back for a day. I believe I will need another 2 months for a full recovery.

I did the following interventions.

Acid Watcher Diet: After reading Dr Jamie Koufman and Dr Jonathan Aviv’s books, I figured my LPR was due to downing too many bottles of yogurt drink and iced tea throughout the day for the past 2 years. These iced tea are acidified with citric acid so I  avoid them totally now. For my diet, I eliminated coffee, sodas, chocolate, citrus foods, tomatoes, grapes, berries, vinegar for the past few months. Interestingly, spicy food, cooked garlic and onion has no trigger effect on me. Tomatoes is the worst culprit. I ate a tomato stew and the symptoms came back immediately when I was in the midst of the recovery phase. I bought a alkaline water pitcher and tested the pH to be above 9 and has been drinking only alkaline water since then. I want to stress that during the initial recovery, there is no shortcut to the diet, u need to stick to it. If u cheat, the symptoms will come back and it will delay your healing by a week or two easily as there was how long it takes for the symptoms to go after I ate a trigger food.

Medication: I took 2 doses of 20mg omeprazole everyday for 6 months before I started to wean off slowly last month. I can’t say I notice any significant effect on myself but I prefer to take this since it is just temporary for half a year. I switch to rabeprazole halfway for 2 weeks and I got symptomatic relief but it was too expensive to eat this for 6 months so I switched back to omeprazole. I know many mention that taking this has long term side effects but I feel taking it for 6 months is absolutely alright since the benefit outweigh the risk by making the reflux less acidic, giving your esophagus and throat a chance to heal. If I have to take this for more than a year or lifetime, I will hesitate.

In addition, I also took Gaviscon Advance in addition to omeprazole if my symptoms were really bad These days, I will take 5ml at night before I sleep as I notice I will wake up with a sore throat if I dun take it. Planning to wean off in the months to come. I also tried to make my own Gaviscon by mixing alginate, sodium carbonate and potassium bicarbonate and it works as well as I tested it by pouring into a cup of vinegar. It formed a mesh thick layer that floated on top of the vinegar, similar as well when I pour the same amount of Gaviscon to the vinegar. The homemade version is definitely way cheaper but it can be a hassle to make it since u need to weigh the powders and give it a good stir with water before you drink it.

Lifestyle: I eat a smaller meal and eat a lot less carbohydrates these days such as rice, bread and pasta since it cause bloatedness. I realise the symptoms tend to come back if I am bloated. I actually dun have snacks or smaller meals in between, contrary to popular advice of having frequent smaller meals. If I eat more frequently, I tend to more more symptoms. And I chew my food a lot more as compared to before I have LPR. The more digested the food is, the less time it will spent in the stomach.

In order to relieve bloatedness, I usually go for a walk after meals and drink ginger tea. Both relieve bloatedness and increase motility. The faster my food gets digested, the less symptomatic I will get as my symptoms tend to flare up after meals.

I practiced diaphragmatic breathing as well. It helps relieve bloatedness as I fart a lot during breathing. Better for the gas to come out from the other bottom end den through top end, affecting your throat.

Another important thing is I don’t ever lie down after any of my meals for at least 3 hours. You wouldn’t want your digestive content to back flow.

iQoro: This medical device is expensive but I was getting kind of desperate with my symptoms when it was at its worst so this is more of Hail Mary attempt. Well, the device is easy to use, customer support is very helpful and I read the journal studies that compare between 2 groups of persistent LPR folks which one group use this device as compared to the control group and the results were significantly so I think it is worth a try. 

Acupuncture: Another desperate Hail Mary attempt. I did 2 sessions of acupuncture towards in October but I was getting better already and acupuncture does take some time to take effect based on journal studies so can’t really comment if it works for me.

Transnasal Esophagoscopy: This is a endoscopy that is done by the ENT usually. It goes through your nose so it avoids the gag reflex and goes all the way to the stomach. I did mine in the ENT office, sitting on a chair with no sedation, fully conscious and it took 10 mins for the procedure to be completed. The ENT then briefed me on the findings after that and I could drive home immediately. I did this procedure as compared to the usual upper GI endoscopy had the gastroenterologist as the one I consulted did not want to to do this since I am of a low risk profile. In addition the upper GI endoscopy requires sedation, which has a slightly higher risk and I will need someone to take me home after the procedure.

I recommend to get it done ASAP as it gives you a peace of mind. I delayed mine for a while as I dun think I can deal with the small chance of finding out I have cancer or Barrett oesophagus. As my symptoms got worse, it really torment my mind with the nagging fear if I have something beside LPR. Finally, I decide to wing it and did the scope. Thankfully, the ENT didn’t find anything significant and he told me I didn’t have hiatus hernia and my lower esophageal spincter is tight as well as he showed me a picture of it wrapping tightly around the endoscope. After the procedure is done, I think I felt a lot better for my mental state since I can tell myself that there is nothing seriously wrong with me and I just need patience for the healing to complete.

I hope my WOT of sharing helps.