Just want to talk about my experience and current recovery
I first fell sick in March 2020, just the usual flu. Recovered pretty quickly, but then found myself having that nagging phlegm in my chest that refuses to go away. Unproductive cough and constantly having to clear throat, but no relief. For the past 1 year or so, phlegm levels have been manageable, could live with it without seeing a doctor, and also noticing phlegm getting lesser.

Then, come end October/early November, I started experiencing anxiety, more because I was trying to clear my phlegm so much and was just constantly disturbed/annoyed about the phlegm still staying in my throat/chest. Also shortness of breath at times, and globus sensation/throat tightness. Led to sleepness nights, lack of appetite and mood, lost a lot of weight, about 8 kg, and always dreading bed time. Suspected it got exacerbated by the fact that I had been eating many cough drops in a day because peppermint is really bad for reflux. Been to the ER 4 times only to be sent home each time. Surprisingly, I very much preferred to go to the ER because it helped with my anxiety instead of pacing around at home. Also, I would get so tired after the long wait at the ER that I would just fall asleep when I came back home.

All this while, I attributed this to a respiratory issue as I work in a place with allergens like soil and dust. I have also had sensitive airways since I was a child, and really bad sinus. My mum is asthmatic. I was prescribed Flovent and Atrovent puffs, but they didn't help. Sometimes they made the globus sensation worse. I was then prescribed Ventolin puff, and it helped with just my breathing whenever I feel a shortness of breath, and sometimes it helps thin the phlegm a little, allowing me to clear my throat better, but still not able to expectorate phlegm.

Then 1 virtual doctor suspected I may be having reflux, so he prescribed pantoprazole 40 mg 30 tabs, to be taken once daily. I'm now 3 weeks in, though no longer taking it daily as I only have 30 tabs to begin with and can't stop abruptly due to rebound effect, so I'm now tapering it to taking it every other day. I also started going for Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) sessions, twice weekly for the 1st 2 weeks and thereafter, currently once a week. The sessions comprise of acupuncture, gua sha, tuina massage and cupping. I was also to take a herbal powder called 'Ban Xia Hou Po Tang' thrice daily.

I also made changes to my lifestyle based on what I have researched from Reddit. Lots of helpful posts in here. I'm almost 2 weeks in. Inclined my pillows, going on a mostly alkaline diet by cutting out/reducing acidic foods and cutting out caffeine completely (used to drink 2 to 3 cups a day), no spicy food (I love spicy food!), and making sure I go to bed 3 to 4 hours after dinner. Talking about the alkaline diet, I have been eating oats almost every morning, not knowing that oats is actually acidic. So far so good. The only food problem I have is avocado due to the high-fat content. If I eat the whole thing, I will get really bad stomach cramps lasting for 30 mins, making me curl up in bed and waiting for the feeling to pass.  If I have half of it, sometimes I may have a slight tummy ache, but no biggie.

I can now notice an improvement, phlegm is much reduced, though I still have it and having to clear my throat, appetite is back, able to sleep better at night, anxiety levels greatly reduced, no longer having globus sensation/throat tightness. However, I think I'm beginning to experience side effects of Pantoprazole like bloating, hunger, some really slight stomach aches. Other than that, I can't tell what helped improve my condition. I don't experience heartburn or chest pains or any pains in the stomach.

From reading through experiences in this Reddit, I believe my symptoms are really mild. My reflux seems to be more focused at the bottom throat and upper chest area.

I have got Gaviscon Advance tabs on standby, but I haven't opened it or see any need to take it. I may consider taking it once I'm finished with the Pantoprazole.

I have done throat and chest x-rays, all came back fine. I have done the breathing test (spirometry), the results came back really good. I have 2 specialist appointments lined up for February 2022, 1 for the gastroenterologist and 1 for the general surgeon (endoscopy). Probably by then, I would have recovered, but I think it will be good to do some testing, make sure my esophagus is in order?

Hopefully talking about my experience and steps taken to recovery will help others in a similar boat with no official diagnosis received yet.