Frustrated: Globus sensation but no other symptoms
This is my first ever on Reddit, so please be patient with me if I make any errors. 

I’ve recently been diagnosed with GERD, but I’m not entirely sure if it’s accurate. The only symptom I have is globus sensation (feeling food stuck in my throat).

I see many here talking about trigger foods, learning what your body is/isn’t ok with, things that provide relief, etc. I’m not sure how I’m supposed to do that when I have ZERO symptoms outside of this globus sensation? 

I used to have random heartburn related to eating specific foods that would easily clear up with tums and I’d go about life with no further issues. The heartburn came on just as most people have it: ate something, got heartburn, took tums, alls good until I ate that food again. 

In September I drastically changed my diet and started exercising daily (built up to power walking 3 miles a day) after finding out my liver was enlarged from Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). For the past three months I have been entirely heartburn free, have had zero GI issues aside from passing gas (all that new fiber in my diet, heh), have lost 30 lbs, and eating a healthy diet. 

The week before Thanksgiving I ate breakfast (scrambled eggs with spinach, and oatmeal with a little crunchy pb mixed in). After eating the oatmeal I felt like I had a little piece of peanut stuck in the back of my throat. By evening the feeling was gone. Next morning I have the same breakfast, get the peanut in throat feeling again, but this time it doesn’t go away. It never hurts, never causes visible inflammation (I have very large, hole covered tonsils from repeated bouts of strep as a kid), and no visible debri. Just annoying and of course triggers the “what’s happening?!” anxiety.

Two weeks ago I saw an ENT who did the scope thing. She saw a tonsil stone and throat irritation. She said she believes the stone is not the problem, the problem is GERD. I should mention the scope procedure couldn’t be finished because unfortunately it triggered a vasovagal response, but she felt she saw enough. 

She puts me on once daily 20mg of Omneprezole (doc prescribed six week course, I’m at two weeks now) which hasn’t done a darn thing except give me massive night anxiety attacks that keep me from sleeping (I have Bipolar 2 so I’m no stranger to anxiety, but my anxiety has been under control with meds since April). Globus sensation is exactly the same.

I’m at my wits end here. For the first time in my life I’m eating well, exercising regularly, losing weight and feeling genuinely good. NOW I suddenly have GERD that I can’t even fix with changes because I have only 1 symptom to work from? The depression this has triggered (which I think is also made worse by the omneprezole due to the timing) is huge.