I was terrified of my pre op endoscopy, I want to let anyone worried about having one know IT WENT GREAT
Just for clarity I don't have GERD, but this subreddit helped me so much in my search for information about endoscopy procedures. I wanted to come here and share my experience in the hopes that more people will see this post and know it will be okay. 


I was working on checking off all my pre-op appointments and tests I thought I would post my story so that anyone searching Reddit (like I've been for two weeks) for endoscopy stories might come upon this.

I was terrified. I was convinced I would never wake up. I was in unable to sleep without nightmares this week and not at all last night. I'm a woman, 32, and since I'm getting weight loss surgery, obviously overweight. 

When I got to the surgery center, I was asked  about my medication, COVID exposure, and any symptoms I might be feeling (pain, nausea, headache, etc), my blood pressure and weight were taken, and I got into my gown which just went over my clothes.

I went into the surgery room and signed papers for anesthesia consent then met the team, and got on the bed, which took me a minute because I did NOT want to. 

I got my IV placed and talked for a few minutes while I got into position, which was on my left side, right knee bent and touching the bed, left leg straight. I got a mouth guard with a hole in it to keep my mouth open.  The anesthesiologist, who was great, told me that I would feel a little stinging from the meds and honestly I prepared to never wake up again. 

I remember my head feeling very tingly, then that was it. I woke up in recovery with my limbs feeling really heavy for a few minutes, but overall fine!

I was so relieved and everything went really well! I got some some juice and my husband took me home. I got this procedure on 12/10/21 at 11:30 am and originally posted to a WLS subreddit by 2:17 pm. My throat is a little sore but it doesn't feel like when you're sick it's a little bit lower, mostly because, well, I've never had a camera down my gullet 😅 I had a bit of an allergic reaction hours later, a few hives and itching, but nothing Zyrtec couldn't take care of.

Don't be frightened, though I know it's easier said than done. You are going to do great and you won't remember a thing. It's truly a blink and you'll miss it procedure. I wish you all the best future reader!