This disease is so frustrating
I have had reflux/silent reflux symptoms for almost a year and was officially diagnosed in September with GERD/LPR.  It's so hard having this disease because food is vital for life.  It's not like giving up just things that are bad for you like junk food; it's giving up foods that are good for you as well.  Losing weight is one thing that will help me, but trying to put together a diet where you have enough to eat without all the foods you can't have is so difficult.  Add to that food allergies and other intolerances and it all becomes overwhelming.  I was doing keto and at first (like always) it was great - my reflux disappeared, my palpitations stopped, and I lost 20 pounds in 3 months.  Now my reflux is back (minus the palpitations for the most part, thank the gods) and I've been unable to get past that 20 pound mark.

Anyway, my biggest issue is the insane amount of conflicting information on GERD.  Some of it is from reputable sites and big names in medicine, so it makes it hard to know who to trust.  I know enough to avoid the woo woo stuff; it's the medical/research/nutrition specialists all quoting conflicting scientific studies that make me crazy.  I'm not medically trained and a lot of these studies are beyond my ability to understand, so I depend on the pros to translate them for me.  (I do know enough to see what kind of study was done, what methodology was used, as well as who paid for the study or if the authors have financial interests or conflicts. It's the medical/technical jargon that I can't follow.)

The info is all over the place:

GERD is from too much acid./No, it's from too little acid.

Lemon water and ACV will help./No it won't. Are you crazy?

PPIs are the best treatment./No, they are dangerous drugs that are overprescribed.

Eat these foods./ARGH! NEVER EAT THAT!!

Don't eat these foods./PSSH! These foods are fine. Don't listen to those people.

This expert is great./No, he or she is a quack; this other expert is who you should listen to.

This diet is the best. /No, it's rubbish and you'll be sorry, so try this one instead.

This supplement is the best. /No, never take that one. Try these instead.

How do you wade through it all and find the right information?  I have been trying to figure out the best diet for me for three months (my utmost sympathies to you long-termers who still haven't figured it out; my heart goes out to you).  I know what foods I absolutely have to avoid, which is pretty much everything I was stress eating since a year ago when there was a major - and ongoing - upheaval in my life, but it just feels like an absolute crapshoot otherwise.  Keto wasn't too hard because I've done before but, as it always does, stopped working for me and now I'm in a flare. 

Right now I want to stop worrying about losing weight and focus on a diet that will help with my GERD.  Once I get that more under control, I can focus on trying to lose weight.  But that's where I get overwhelmed.  The Acid Watcher Diet, The Alkaline Diet, The Fast Tract Diet, vegan/vegetarian diets for GERD - they all have conflicting information (and they also have a lot of foods I can't eat because of my allergies/intolerances) and I just get flustered trying to make sense of it all.

It's scary because this is something that can easily turn into cancer if it's not well controlled, but the process of trying to successfully treat it is literally causing more damage. 

How did you all come to whatever diet you are on to help your GERD?  Who are your favorite GERD gurus?  Who's a quack or a bit too out there, in your opinion?