Good workplaces exist. You don't have to settle for offices that make you miserable.
A few months ago, I moved across the country.  I didn't know what type of company I wanted to work for when I arrived at my new home - all I knew was that after a decade of working in offices where gossip and undermining were actively encouraged, cynicism ran rampant, and bosses yelled at employees out on the floor, I wanted to work somewhere "professional."

Completely improbably, within three weeks of sending out my first application I got hired by a Fortune 500 company.  I thought there was no way they were going to pick me out of the hundreds of applicants when I submitted my resume, so I had no mental stake in the process until the panel interview, where I got a good vibe off of four of my future bosses and started to hope.

\*

Here is all the stuff that has gone right/what makes this company good:

1.) The recruiter responded to my app within 24 hours to let me know they wanted to hear more from me, and kept me updated throughout the interview process.

2.) The recruiter called me within 24 hours of the panel interview to say, unequivocally, that the team felt I was right for the role and to gauge my feelings before making it official.  I didn't have to sweat it out for days/weeks wondering if I did OK.

3.) The company gave me a starting salary that is almost $10K higher than what I asked for.  I lowballed myself and they didn't take advantage of that.

4.) The company provided me with all of the tech I needed to do my job in advance of my first day.

5.)  All of my coworkers remind me how well I am doing as I continue to learn the job.  Every new person I meet encourages me to ask questions and offers to help me in my career development - even project managers who are not on my team have made themselves available to me.

6.) My location's head supervisor has a zero tolerance policy for backstabbing and gossip and fosters an environment of collaboration.

7.)  My supervisor and project manager don't micromanage my time.  I can take breaks without having to ask permission, as long as my client work is covered.

8.)  I am provided with learning resources and allowed full access to them for my career development when I have downtime.  I have been told by multiple coworkers that there is plenty of room to advance, if advancement is what I want (and that it's OK to not want to advance, too).

9.) The company culture is amazing!  There is a huge emphasis on maintaining a work-life balance.   We are actively encouraged to take time off, use our generous EAP benefits, and put our families first.

\*

For the first time in my life, I am feeling something like "team spirit" for my company.  I'm motivated to come to work and learn and help clients and for our teams to succeed.

There's also no doubt in my mind that if I had stayed in my old hometown I'd still be languishing in an OK job in an esteem-eroding office, thinking I couldn't get anything better.

I hope this motivates someone who's in a crappy job right now to look for something better.  Your something better is likely out there - you won't know until you look for it.