Got a Job offer with a start date. Signed and received (11/01/21). Haven't started as of (12/08/21)
I was offered a Job in october 27th. The job offer had my start date as November 22nd. This job required me to move to a new city, get fully vaccinated within 35 days of start date, and wanted me to start the 22nd of November. I complied with all those things. Did them all. The 20th of November comes around and I hadnt heard anything from my new supervisor. So I shot him and HR an email asking if the 22nd start date is god to go. The 21st of November I get a response saying it was not. They were still waiting on my background check to be completed. Radio silence until I emailed them again on Dec 1st. They got back to me December 2nd and she asked me a few questions about my background results and said the background check was completed and that I would hear from another lady at HR to set up a start date. Never heard anything from them. On the 6th of December in emailed HR again asking for a start date and if we are still good to go. The lady thats supposed to give me my start date asked if I talked to the background check lady and I said yes. She said the background check was completed. Its now the 8th and I still am in the dark. Moving wasnt cheap. That depleted most of what I had saved up. Not too mention I had too buy out a few months on my lease from the old place. 
My question is what should I do? How do i go about this? I want the job. But i need to start working. Bills will be due before I know it. Ill need money. New city. Low funds. I have started applying to other jobs just in case. I just dont want too keep annoying HR asking for a start date when they are clearly not ready? Or something is holding it up? They are keeping me in the dark and its really really stressing me out. Its almost making me already hate this company. Ive been trying to get one with this company for over a year. Applied to 15+ positions within said company. Had 4 interviews. Finally got a job offer and now left on limbo...


UPDATE: as of 8:30am this moring they called and rescinded the offer citing failed background. As of now im just completely FUCKED. GGs boys. Well played.

I reached out too an attorney. Waiting to hear back from them. But im pretty sure we have no case. We will see.