Rejected in final round, called back a couple months later
Hi - so I was interviewing couple months ago and had an offer from company A pretty quick. Company B which was my preference, better pay, more in line with what I want to do, was slow in the process but after expediting it I was eventually rejected after the final panel presentation with the hiring manager saying "your deck was perfect and had what I was looking for but your communication style was different and some of the audience was lost". Fair enough I thought, I added the hiring manager to my LinkedIn, accepted company A's offer and moved on.

Fast forward few months, I update my new role at company A on LinkedIn and the hiring manager sends me a message that she is reconsidering and we have a quick call. She says she's been reviewing resumes for the past month but keeps going back to our interviews and something along the lines "in my conversation with you after your presentation your reaction seemed like you deviated from your strategy a bit to accommodate certain things...but I feel you're a great fit for this company and I'd love to meet you over lunch and can you do a panel presentation again in person?"

I'm glad this window had opened up but trying to process this. Why would they wait this long until they see me at a new company? Any advice? The company has great reviews and I can overlook this mess but I'm curious what you guys make of this.

Edit - my takeaway from this experience is that there may have been some people on the initial (final) panel that weren't convinced with me and so they passed. It was virtual and i "lost the audience". When hiring manager called me back recently they mentioned specifically "I want you to be able to hold the audience's attention with your ppt" and other things like there's only so much you can tell about a person virtually etc etc. As others pointed out in the comments, their top candidate(s) may have backed off opening this up for me and HM wants to be sure of me despite others on the panel potentially not wanting to proceed with me. 

Question - I have some leverage now, any advice on how hard i can negotiate given this development?