How do I support my mentally ill spouse when I feel abandoned during hard times?
I’ve been married for 7 years and we have two babies, a 17 month old and a 7 month old. The youngest baby just came home a week and a half ago after 204 days in the NICU. My husband and I are both 37. He has bipolar, anxiety, depression, and obsessive compulsive personality disorder. He was upfront with me about the bipolar when we were dating. The other diagnosis’s came after we were married. When we were dating, he seemed to have his bipolar under control. He drank too much, but we were in our 20s and hung out with drinkers so I didn’t think much of it. His first meltdown happened during a vacation the first summer after we were married. We spent the whole vacation at the hospital because he had a panic attack. Eventually, he stopped drinking and started medication and things were really good. After two years of stability, we got pregnant. Unfortunately, I lost the baby. He was strong and stable during all of that and said he wanted to try again. I got pregnant four months later and we had our oldest baby. During my pregnancy, he went off the deep end gambling, drinking heavily, texting his ex girlfriend. He ruined my third trimester. Eventually he realized he needed his meds changed and then he was stable again. We got pregnant very quickly because my birth control failed. Unfortunately, I went into labor at 24 weeks and our youngest son was born. Obviously, this year has been very difficult for us. The NICU was an hour and a half away and he’s not good on long car rides so in the beginning he couldn’t handle it and would bail on me for visits. After the first month, he was able to handle a weekly visit and then I went alone every other day. He was otherwise stable. Our son was discharged a week and a half ago. He’s doing well but he has a G tube so life is still a bit complicated. I really need my husband to be here helping with both kids a bit. Otherwise it’s really a lot for me to deal with because I have to keep a curious 1 year old from ripping out his brother’s tube. Well, my husband freaked out last night and left and drove himself to the hospital for what truly seems like a panic attack. He was shaking, vomiting, and he said he felt both numb and burning. They kept him overnight and I have no idea when he will be home. I feel like he abandons me when life gets complicated and this is becoming too much for me. I feel alone in my marriage and like I have to constantly insulate him from anything too heavy but in the meantime my mental health takes a hit. I want to be understanding and compassionate but I feel angry, alone, and overwhelmed. How can I be there for him but still take care of myself?