Thinking about life and work and stuff
I'm about to turn 25 and currently work part time at a library. I'm really introverted so I enjoy the library atmosphere. I live in a shitty basement apartment in a shitty city. Rent is $1200 a month, which my girlfriend and I split, so we each pay $600 a month for rent. I make about $300 per week at my part time library job, which means that after rent, I have about $600 left. My girlfriend makes somewhere around $500 a week at her dental assistant job. 

We really hate where we live, it's loud and the area isn't that nice. We have roaches and bed bugs in our building, and a mold problem. We have been here for about two years. We moved in while I was finishing my Graphic Design degree, and my grandparents were paying the rent every month. We thought that we would stay here until I graduated and found a job, but I absolutely hate Graphic Design and I also hate working. So I graduated and never bothered to find a job in "my field" just because I hate it so much. 

I know that sounds bad, but it really is true. Over a long period of time, I have grown complacent living here, as well as working part time. I work 4 hours per day Monday-Friday. This gives me a lot of time to do whatever I want (relax, game, make music, play with my cats, clean, etc.) I have been applying to some full time library jobs and I feel like it is only a matter of time until I get one. 

The thing is though, I don't want to work full time. I know it would mean more money, a better apartment, new clothes, more food, etc., but I feel like my happiness would quickly spiral into a deep, deep depression. I have dealt with crippling depression before, and I feel as though if I were waking up every morning to drive to a job and sit there for 8 hours, then drive home just to do it again 5 days per week, I would become extremely depressed. I once had a summer job where I had to get up very early every morning, and the stress was so bad that I would almost vomit every single morning. Once that job ended, it was like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders and I could feel happiness once again.

I believe a lot of my happiness comes from my free time and I just don't want to give that up. But on the other hand, I'm about to turn 25, and I feel like everyone, including myself, expects me to really become an adult and get a 9-5. I have always had dreams of becoming a fashion model, a twitch streamer, a music producer, etc., but I feel like it is too late for that stuff now. I don't even know if I would be able to do the things I enjoy after work if I got a 9-5. I would probably come home and eat dinner and then play a game for maybe an hour before going to bed and then waking up at the ass crack of dawn just to go to work and do nothing for 8 hours and then repeat. 

I'm really torn on what to do here. I want to move and have more pocket money but I don't want to give up my free time and happiness. I am content living where I am and using the little money I have as I am a frugal person, but my girlfriend wants to move very badly and wants me to make more money. 

Maybe working from home full time would be a nice medium, as I hate driving and I also hate interacting with coworkers. But there are no remote library positions. I could maybe work a remote graphic design job, but I hate graphic design as I said, and I'm also really bad at it and my portfolio is horrendous as I never tried once in school. 

I feel like the correct decision is to just suck it up and work full time. But with that comes the death of my happiness and dreams.