26 with minimal professional experience: Am I forever doomed?
My highest education is an associate's degree in accounting, which honestly amounts to nothing. I was pursuing a bachelors degree and was 1 year into finishing(Junior). But my plans and career trajectory has entirely derailed because my romantic relationship became a huge distractor and my motivation declined rapidly. After that break up, I felt empty, lost and went on a full swing of one night stands, partying, getting into one sitationship after another. My opinion and self worth depended on someone's attraction towards me. I felt validated if an attractive guy gave me any crumb of attention. To be clear, I have NEVER been this way in my life. I was always driven, motivated, conscientious but the first real intimacy I experienced in my life EVER (that first relationship) had a way of unearthing my traumas in ways I couldnt make sense of or process.

Fast forward, I've had 4 jobs in total in the span of 4 years but each positions have lasted anywhere 3-5 months. Which means there have been plenty of dry spells of unemployment. I didnt take my job responsibilities seriously, and would often get take critism too personally. I couldnt handle the daily stress of the job on top of my personal life. I would either get fired or voluntarily quit.

During the entire time and until today, I am still living under my dad's roof. I kept using my "school schedule" to be an excuse as to why it's better to be unemployed.

I am only starting to wake up to the reality that I really cant live like this forever: failure to pay my phone bills on time, depending on family members to save me, accruing overdraft fees, living under my dad's roof.

I have an enstrangled relationship with my dad. He's emotionally unavailable so i never felt like i had any guidance. This is not a rant to blame him or anyone in my life but i realize the lack of connection I felt at home has conditioned me to be super codepenent. What little "network" of connections I developed in college, I've sabotaged because i broke the boundary of our connections and started revealing way too much personal drama.

Im soo lost and feeling pretty hopeless... any advice is greatly appreciated.

I was offered a job a few months prior and was given a specific date to start but when i was asked to provide references, I couldnt come up with any! I basically ghosted the recruiter

**00CommentsShareEdit PostSaveHide**