What would you do if you were in my shoes?
My mum is not the same anymore.

I never talk about this to anyone because it’s embarrassing and sad, I have no one to talk to about it anyway that I feel comfortable other then my sister which is in the same boat as me. So here I go.

Basically my mum disappeared about 4 years ago. She’s still alive and I live with her (i’m 16), but she’s a completely different person now. Everything about her is different like a whole different person. My mum used to be the best mum ever, she would always take me and my sibling fun places to create memories with each-other, she would support me in hard times with genuine advice, she would be proud of me when I would get a good result from a test and many more things like a normal supporting mother would do. 

We always were Christian’s, but never anything serious. We would do to church maybe once a month if we’re lucky. It was a healthy environment and I loved life. But ever since 3-4 years ago, my mum became heavily into religious stuff slowly little by little it got worse. I didn’t think anything of it first maybe it’s just a thing she’s doing idk. It got so bad to the point that she doesn’t watch normal TV anymore, just religious stuff. on her phone and camera roll is just religious stuff. All her books are religious stuff. In our house there are religious pictures EVERYWHERE in every room. All she talks about is religious stuff now. I never have a normal conversation with her anymore, even if I try to for example talk about how I have to watch this movie for school and then do comprehension questions on it, she would say “That’s such a stupid movie, why doesn’t the school do a religious movie or something it doesn’t hurt to get closer to god”. She relates and brings back EVERYTHING to jesus. It’s so f**king annoying I cant take it anymore. She never had time for us anymore, whenever I would say “Hey mum lets go to the park and walk the dog!” she would say no I have to do my prays sorry I don’t feel like it. Nothing is the same anymore. I’m embarrassed to talk about this to anyone, I don’t invite any friends over because it’s embarrassing. She’s pushing all this religion stuff on me too. I feel so bad for my dad too, he seems distant from her lately as well I dint blame him.

I seriously don’t know what happened, she’s just turned into a monster. It hurts so much to say that because I still love her because she’s my mum but it hurts so bad to love her. She most likely loves Jesus more then her own family at this point.

And I say this because it feels like the mum I knew and loved, the mum that raised me doesn’t exist anymore. She’s gone. She’s dead. 

I’m really struggling in school right now from all the weight i’m carrying, it’s my final year of school and i’m scared for the future.