I don't know what to do. Everything feels hopeless
I quit my full-time job two months ago because I couldn't stand working under my shitty manager anymore. The money wasn't good, and it was hard, but it was enough to survive. My manager was a creep from the get go, constantly making comments about my body when I was just out of earshot and undermining me to my colleagues. I tried to keep my head down and just do good work, but my mental health was in shambles. After an incident where he cornered me in a storage room and tried to grope me, I reported him to HR. HR sat me down for a meeting and I told them what has been going down. They told me they'd handle the matter appropriately. I show up to work the next Monday, and HR is in my manager's office talking to him. I don't know what was said, but he was not fired. I put in my two weeks the next day and started applying for other jobs. Long story short, I don't have another full time position lined up. My car died and is completely fucked. Luckily my neighbor is nice enough to give me rides from time to time. I've been working as a bartender at a catering company, which is at least something, but I'm pretty much fucked this month on rent. I'm trying to sell my art and design skills freelance online and locally, but have not been too successful. I know it takes time to get a small business up and running, and we are in unprecedented hard times economically, but I can't help but feel like a failure. I'm employed and about to lose my rental. I have no one to turn to for help. I try to remind myself that my life won't look like this forever, but I'm fighting off suicidal thoughts. Everything just seems pointless. I spent the holidays crying and alone. What's the point of working so hard when life just shits on you from every angle? I'm not expecting sunshine and rainbows all the time, but sometimes would be nice. Contemplating the merits of embracing my mental ruin and running naked and screaming into the woods vs shooting myself in fucking face. Everything feels like too much. I can't cope. I hated my job and my shitty fucking asshole manager, but at least I had enough money to pay rent and eat. I feel like such an idiot for quitting. I had no idea that everything was so fragile. How do I find the strength to keep going? What do I do? Is this rock bottom? It feels like it, but I know that my life could still get much worse. What's the fucking point? I feel adrift at sea and circled by sharks