Please help. Need advice. What should i do now?
This is going to be long so I apologise in advance but I appreciate any input.

So I (M23) belong to a typical middle class north Indian family where most of your life decisions are taken for you. 
For example in my case, the decision to opt for the science stream after 10th grade and engineering after the 12th grade was taken for me by my family, I had absolutely no say in it whatsoever. I was always a weakling in math and I knew for a fact that engineering isn't my cup of tea, so I put up my thoughts of pursuing a different career and this thought was put down almost instantly and even after a lot of protesting, I was forced to study what they wanted me to. I planned on dropping out after my first year and tried talking to my family about it but you can guess what their response was. As a result, I wasn't able to cope up the stress and got detained in the third year, so basically a 4 year course turned into a 5 year course and only because of online exams was I able to finish my degree. 

My family doesn't understand the mental pressure a person goes through after being proven a failure like that and not being able to stand up to their expectations. 

Now coming to the root of my problem, my uncle. He was the one who misguided my parents into believing that engineering is the only way and all other career path that I chose are useless. He himself is an engineer and has a well paying job at a huge IT company (i won't disclose the company name, but it's HUGE), he earns around 3 lakh Indian rupees or 4k dollars a month and he's seen as a person who just can't be wrong in these matters by my family, hence why they believed him with their eyes closed. One more thing about him, his behaviour towards others is just horrible, he's condescending, demeaning and will belittle you at every opportunity and I had to face this when I didn't score good enough marks in the 12th grade and was detained in my 3rd year and even now I still get belittled for those things by him. His own son (my cousin) hates looking at his face and he's just 13 and even his wife is tired of his behaviour and oh did I mention the extra marital affair. 

Going back 3 months, he pulled some strings at his organisation and setup an interview for me without even talking to me first. I was just told that I have an interview scheduled in a couple of days and that I need to create a completely false resume with 2 years of absolutely fake experience in a certain technology. I was not on board at first because this is just outright fraud but apparently I was the only who sees it like that, my parents were instantly on board with this and pressured me into doing what I'm being told, so like a good lapdog, I did so because the whole family have their expectations riding on me. After submitting all the false information to the company I attended the interview. During the interview my uncle was on call with the interviewer and I was asked just a couple of questions as formality and then I was selected for the job with a salary of 60k INR ($800) per month. I was not happy at all as I wasn't interested in the job from the beginning as it's an IT job with more than 12 hours a day work timings and moreover, the company would surely expect me to perform as per the experience I showed in the resume. 
To solve this issue, I was simply given 3 months to prepare, learn and get familiar with the technology the way a 2 years experienced person would be, using Google and Youtube so that no one can figure out I'm a fraud.  YUP 😐 

Somehow no one in my family, let alone my uncle, can understand that going through google for 3 months and learning something from scratch and working for 2 years in a professional workspace on actual projects is something very different. Yet somehow they magically want me to achieve the same level of knowledge no matter how impossible and incredibly stressful it is. Nevertheless, I still tried that as I had no choice and after 3 months I assure you I'm not at all confident about the job and I'm overly stressed because I will be assigned work at the job in a couple of days and I think it's just a matter of time until they realise I'm not as experienced as I claim to be. When I mention this to uncle, he just can't be more rude and start belittling me about it. He thinks I'm making excuses due to some reason and that I'm a coward.
No one in my family know what my mental state is now after my studies and specially after the last 3 months, I feel completely useless, I have no sense of self worth, I'm not happy with my life, I'm mentally exhausted from the expectations piling up and I somehow I feel it's my fault that I was conceived in such a well-educated family and can't live upto their standards. 

I talked with my mom about how unhappy I am and wanting to quit the job but she still wants me to continue with it because according to her this is the dream job for some people and that I will regret quitting this job at some point in my life. So apparantly I'm not allowed to dream differently from them.

When I try to argue and tell them how ignorant they are being (and has always being) of my feelings and what I want, they always justify their actions by saying that whatever they are doing, it's in my best interest and they want the best for me. 
Honestly, I don't disagree with this, I believe they genuinely want the best for me, but wouldn't it be better if they could just ask me whether I want that or not?. Everything they ever did in my "best interest" has always back fired and left me feeling more and more depressed and useless.

I'm planning to leave everything behind, quit the job, just run away and for once, live my life the way I want to. I'm qualified and capable enough for a low paying job than this one as a fresher, more importantly not as a fraud. I have enough money saved up to start living somewhere else with basic amenities. 
My family will never understand what I'm going through and just want me to live upto their expectations.
Please help me, should I run away?... Should I give this job a shot even though I absolutely despise it?. I don't want the people at my job to figure out that I'm a fraud and then fire me, I'd rather resign or abscond than to go through that. 


If you made it this far, thanks and sorry if my english is a weak.