Where do I go from here?
So I'm 28 years old. I've spent a lot of time trying to figure out what I'd like to do career wise but have come up short. I'm never going to stop searching, but I have to accept what is my reality at least for the time being. 

That is, I'm working in a warehouse job. The pay isn't terrible, but it's definitely not anything special, which is fair I think. Basically my take home pay per month is a little over 2k after taxes, health/dental insurance, 401k etc. When I add up my locked in payments per month like car insurance, phone bill, and other necessary payments, it leaves me with approximately $1500 to save each month. I'm not a huge spender, partially because I know I don't make the kind of money where I can afford to be reckless with my money. 

Thanks to my parents being accommodating, I've had the opportunity to save a fair amount. I'm up over 35k at the moment. I know to some people they'd think that's great, but I still don't feel comfortable. If I had a career plan lined up where I felt like I'd be making something decent(over 40k per year) in the foreseeable future, I'd feel very good, but I don't. The facts that I can't get out of my head are that the moment I move out, my monthly income is going to be essentially wiped out on payments. So I can say goodbye to adding to my savings each month. Not to leave out the fact that I'm not far off from needing a new car, so I can consider adding possible car payments to my future expenses. Then it's only a matter of time before those unexpected/unpredictable expenses come up and then I'm going to have to start taking out of my savings. 

Then I put it in perspective and think about how I'm getting all bent out of shape, yet there's so many people out there that have basically no savings, making the same or even less money than me, and are somehow out there living independently and making it work. So the question is, if they can do it, there's really no excuse for me not to be doing it. Especially considering I'm very responsible financially, in comparison to others my age. 

I've been telling myself for too long that I need to wait until I have a plan for an actual career with better money before I really dive into exploring full blown independent living, but I feel like my life is stuck and I need to take some fresh steps forward. So if anyone actually took the time to read this and is willing to give me any words of advice, I'd greatly appreciate it. I know my anxiety probably comes through loud and clear in this post.