Am I doing something wrong trying to find a relationship?
So a little bit of sad background here. I am a 20 year old male virgin who has never had a girlfriend. I am a little on the heftier side but not to the point of obesity. I am told that I am a "Nice guy" by many people but I hate referring to myself as one because it makes me sound like an incel. 

I have been interested in plenty of girls and my approach throughout high school was to just be their friend and hope that it changed into something, remain friendly with them. Obviously the problem with that was I didn't even give a clear indication that I was interested, and even if they were I never acted upon it. 

In college so far i've had a different approach, be friendly with a girl until she was obviously comfortable being around me and then really lay on the flirting and gauge the response. So far I've had 4 girls really give off the vibe that they were interested in me. I asked out 2, both times with something along the lines of "Hey could I take you out to dinner sometime?". One told me that she had a boyfriend but appreciated the thought. The other literally laughed at me and said "Dude your a great friend but no". The other 2 I haven't acted upon yet out of fear.

I've hit a breaking point tonight though, I have a summer job and really like a girl who works with me. I brought up the idea while at school that we should do something while I was home as we had not seen eachother for 4 months, and she agreed to the idea. I would say were pretty good work friends, but I was very obvious in my attraction to her while working even though I never acted upon it as I would be leaving for school at the end of the summer while she would be staying home. Well chance would have it that my buddy caught the flu (Covid tested), and couldn't go to see the movie we planned on tonight but we had the ticket, so as I was going with a different work friend as well I thought to invite her to the movie.

We have a good time, it was very obvious that she had a good time. She asks for a ride home and as I live the closest to her I oblige. I drive her home and it is a completely regular car ride home. I don't make any advances, we just have a regular nice conversation. As she exits the car I say that Ill see her around, but she turns around and says to me "Of course ill see you around, we still have to go and do something just you and I while your home". I am completely flustered, I did not expect this at all. I took this as a very obvious hint along the lines of "Hey I had a good time, I would like you to take me out again to do something else". I play it cool, not acting like I take any hint and say "Yeah Ill think of something, have a goodnight" as she leaves. 

But of course I would not be here if things did not go wrong at this point. I just got a text from her saying, "Hi Matt thank you for bringing me home. I wouldn’t mind getting together with you again I just want to make sure you know it’s as friends right?"

My heart has sunk, I had basically given up on the idea of being in a relationship with this girl, but after getting my hopes up, they were dropped down in the span of 2 hours. I know shes not around on here but I really could not care if she saw this at this point. The real question is this, Am I Doing Something Wrong?? Am I just reading into things too much and expecting a result that isn't there? I feel like i'm going about things in the right way but am I way off the mark

&amp;#x200B;

Also for the love of god if you read through this whole thing I apologize for the long write I just needed to vent.

TL;DR I keep getting friend-zoned no matter what I do