Why do people on this sub think a relationship will solve their problems?
I don’t mean to come across as confrontational, it’s just something I noticed. It’s definitely not down to age, as there are people of all ages on here. Personally, I think a relationship is the worst thing you could ever do when you’re lonely, as you will put a lot of pressure on your significant other and rely on them for any and all interaction.
Also, it feels kind of forced, finding someone to cure loneliness, and in my experience situations like that never end well. Shouldn’t meeting someone be natural and organic?

I mean, I’ve never been one for online dating. I’m pretty young too, it’s just never appealed to me. It just feels, unnatural, of course no offence to anyone who participates. Personally, I think a person who is lonely and depressed, like most of us here are, should work on expanding their social circles, and finding satisfaction and validation from within, instead of searching for it from external sources. Please believe me when I say that is a recipe for disaster. You should never let anyone have that kind of power over you, it can be even more alienating and not all people have good intentions.

I also think that in a lonely state, your much more vulnerable, and therefore more open to domestic abuse, toxicity and mistreatment in a relationship, as well as a higher chance of being manipulated or finessed, more so the guys than gals for the latter, but anything is possible.

I think that for people like us, sad and lonely, we need to learn to love and be with ourselves, before we can even consider letting someone else in our life. But, that’s just me. If you think a relationship would solve all your problems, why? I am genuinely curious, and if you think I’m wrong, please let me know, and tell me why. Just wanted to throw my thoughts out there in the hope I’ll help someone, and that someone can help me! Stay safe everyone.

Edit 1:
Thank you all who have participated in this discussion, almost everything said has been constructive, and those who disagreed with me but retained their manners, I send a special thank you. 

I have been asked to explain the results of this discussion, and in my first edit I will address the topic of why people prioritise romance over friendships. It appears that many of you feel you are a burden to your friends, and instead want an intimate relationship with someone who will listen to and help you with your problems, instead of bothering your friends with such matters. To these people I say only this, if your friends won’t listen to you and support you, they are not good friends.

Another common reason I see is that people are looking for an intimate level of companionship, and in doing so they will work with their partner and both become better people. Of course if this is an option, it is better than going it alone, however my cynicism can’t help but point out how a lot of people will not be willing to do this in a relationship, instead just wanting your time and attention. 

Please continue this discussion as it has been very valuable to me, and others. Once again please try to keep your disagreements civil, I have made clear many times I do not want to argue, and insulting me without explanation will never help me to learn from my shortcomings. Stay safe everybody.