If your IQ score is low does that mean your stupid
All my life my parents did everything they could to make sure I had the best education. They always planned for the future and they had kids planned down to having my siblings 4 years apart so they wouldn’t have to pay for college tuition for 2 kids at one time. 

But I was different. I didn’t do as well as my older and younger siblings. I had to take special classes and my parents put me in after school reading classes but I still could not seem to retain information. Don’t get me wrong I hate school but I love to learn. I just test awful. I couldn’t pass a test on my ABCs to save my life. 

So my parents took me to a psychiatrist and had me tested. The reason for the test was to maybe give me test accommodations to help me test better. But after elementary school who really wants to do that. The score came out below 100 with dyslexia and severe ADD. I could hear/feel the sigh of relief from my parents as if they NOW knew it wasn’t their fault. 

I don’t feel stupid. I can learn, just like anyone els. I know I have a horrible attention span, but the School system made it seem like it was so much worse. Why is it that the school system, which I hate so much, is allowed to make me feel like I’m disabled. It’s almost as if no one knew what was wrong with me or knew how to help me, except give me medication. Which I also hated.

Edit: THANK YOU to everyone that has helped me change my perspective about intelligence! It’s honestly liberating. It’s embarrassing for me to even have something on paper that says I’m “below average”. But I plan on not looking at it that way ANYMORE! Someone's willingness to learn can only expand someone’s intelligence. You guys made my day! Thank you!

Last and final edit, the next day after writing this post:

I freaking love Reddit. I love this community so much! I was so scared to post this out of fear of being told the answer was simply, YES. I believe after reading through the community rules I broke the last and final rule. Ranting. I should have read though the rules first before posting but the MODS here have been very kind to let me leave it up for as long as they have.