Are these Cluster B symptoms or am I just a tweaker?
Why I think I am BPD/NPD:
1. Domination of conversations (used to do this way more before someone pointed it out, now I make a concerted effort to allow others to speak)

2. Inability to lose (literally ask anybody in my life)

3. Grandiosity - people around me always think I am a visionary with huge aspirations (which is true), but tbh I see nothing wrong with this one at all… why would I want to live a normal life? I want to help humanity as much as I can so why would I think small?

4. Suicidal Ideation
    1. Planes (every time I fly, I don’t pray for it to go down, but I definitely think about how it would be nice to die in a plane crash and be remembered for my potential, while also never having anybody realize I was suicidal) and Cars (same thing, ugly car wreck freak accident)
    2. Hitting myself after losing a stupid hand (poker) or hitting a bad shot (tennis)

5. Cannot stay in a relationship or get close to anybody (nobody knows how I feel inside my brain except for me, lied to my therapist too because I didn’t want her to feel upset about my suicidal thoughts, plus didn’t want her to freak out because “I’m doing okay”)

6. Constantly thinking about how to avoid getting pushed in front of a train (because I also think about what if I just pushed somebody in front of a train)

7. When news comes out about bombing, shooting, etc, my first reaction is always “what an idiot, they could have killed so many more ppl if they did X, Y, Z.”, never remorse or empathy for the victims. Watched the NZ shootings and frequent subreddits that show murders and I don’t react the way I think I “should”

8. Most ironic one: the more I learn about NPD/BPD the more I feel like nobody understands it well enough to treat me except for myself, I feel like all the therapists I have tried are too stupid to understand (logical rational conclusion would be that I am not letting them in, thus they have no clue how to diagnose/treat me)

9. Aggrandizement of my life — this one actually fucks with my head because I don’t have a correct perception of things (grew up going to beach club/country club, mom/uncle are trust fund kids, sister/myself also likely have trusts, went to private school ages 3-18, grew up with multiple homes, nice vacations) however, I feel like I make it seem more elite than it was (mom lived in tiny house from 7-12 grade, dad house 7-8th grade was shithole, never felt “rich”). There’s no transparency on my mom’s side of $, I know every asset my Dad has because I had to pay his bills when he was in rehab for alcoholism. All super confusing but I definitely make it seem all plush and comfy.

10. Obsession with a having large family. I didn’t think this was a symptom until I learned about the family being a way to have security and loyalty because you are blood bound. Makes sense, I always have said the trait I value most in a friend is loyalty.

11. Weird thing, idk if it’s a PD symptom but have always been curious. I have to listen to everything on numbers that end with 0 or 5. This includes wake up times, bed times, the time I leave the house, tv volume, etc. Anything you can think of, also have to leave perfect tips (47.78 -&gt; 47.78 + 7.22 = $55)

12. Whenever someone gets “cancelled”, I am always anxious that everybody is out to get me and I’m next. Causes extreme anxiety and at some points could not sleep unless high.

13. Weird things: 
    1. do a lot of random nice favors for people on the street, but why? 
    2. Super easy to convince to go out? Is this low self esteem? What causes this? Abandonment? FOMO?

14. Always forget birthdays/don’t get gifts. This one changes when I’m dating someone though, I am always great at finding thoughtful gifts.

15. Massive womanizer; less so recently but had a 4 year stretch where would cycle through women like nobody’s business and lose interest as soon as I had them in my grasp. Also “love to play the game” with women.

16. The celebration of death: I hate when people celebrate the dead and leave out their flaws. I don’t know why, this is something that makes me super mad and also makes me feel like people are stupid and don’t want to admit that people aren’t perfect. My preliminary analysis on why I feel this way is probably because of how shitty I feel about my own self esteem and how shitty of a person I know I have been to people, yet how highly people would see me if I were to die today.

17. Mom always called me “the peacemaker” because I always tried to keep the peace in the household; when I wasn’t short fused about losing a game that was

18. I’m not into social media hardly at all, and I don’t really ever feel the need to “flex” on people in my life. I put people in their place when they flex on me, but I don’t feel like I flex hardly ever

19. An obsession with people who “get it” for example, Beth Dutton in Yellowstone or Mickey Pearson in The Gentlemen.