Living after realizing you are narc
Ladies and gents,

Need your advice, please.
Gonna skip multiple stories of my past relationships which had the same pattern.  The most recent one helped me to reveal I'm a narc and made me talk to a psychologist. I started dating a girl 2 years ago, everything was great etc and one day, when I was in a shower I decided to dump her....which I did via text msg the following day and I felt amazing. After some time my heart was aching...I thought "it's gotta be love, I really miss her", I texted the girl and when she said she wants to move in together etc and I said I want to continue seeing each other 2-3 times a week and she said NO. Then..I met her at the club and said that I love her and we will move in together...which deep inside I knew will never happen, after that, there were 2-3 more discards  some pregnancy drama along the way, meeting with her parents and faking future, cheated on her a few times etc. The gap between the discard cycles got shorter and I dumped her in August 2021 just 1 month after we started dating again, she unblocked me on her IG made her profile public and started posting how happy she is  going out and may be seeing someone, I got really mad, I messaged her nasty things : that I never loved her, that I used her for sex only etc. She never responded, I was in pain and this made me talk to a psychologist and start therapy. 
Sorry for the long story. 
NPD folks, I usually move one pretty quickly  but this time I can't, I just keep stalking her on IG, but at the same time I don't really care if she's alive nor I wanna see her... I really enjoyed seeing some sad posts tho :) Did you have anything similar? How did you deal with it?

After realizing that the feeling I called love was just an emptiness I tried to filll with emotions, I can't think about dating someone else...like I know for sure the outcome of that, why even start? How do you live knowing you can't love and most likely  you will hurt your partner at the end?