I was kicked out of the marine corps in 2019.
Posted on another sub as well. Sorry for the long ass post, and I also suck at writing but anyway here is my military experience: I graduated high school in 2018 and shipped off to boot camp about two weeks later. Boot camp is what it is. After completing boot camp and the rest of my training, I arrived at my permanent duty station for the next three years in Okinawa, Japan. This was March of 2019 and I was 19 years old. I came with a buddy from my job school. back in the states. The first base I went to was potentially going to be my base, but I was told that my chain of command was going to send either me or my buddy to another base. It ended up being me. The base I had been at was really likable. I liked my roommates, the Corporals I was going to serve under were friendly and very helpful, we became friends. The base itself was a nice layout, to where you could walk to most of the main attractions on base no problem. It was quiet too. The new base they sent me too was just depressing and everyone there had a worse attitude. I was filled with dread and deep sadness and I had to try so hard not to cry because everything was so overwhelming. When I got to my unit, I met some of my peers and higher ups of my platoon. They fucked with me a bit at first and for the first month or so that I was in this unit, I was acquainted with most of them. I got fucked with a lot when I was new but it never really stopped and it got much worse. It became personal. On a daily basis, for the next 8 or so months, I was harassed, ostracized, and bullied. And I got yelled at a lot but it was mostly over petty shit. I am a person who is kind-hearted, but I was also very timid and not very muscular at the time, compared to my peers. So I was naturally a target for bullies. A few of the sergeants would get hammered and fuck with me hardcore at the barracks. Sometimes they would try and start fights with me for no reason. One junior marine headbutted me and chipped my tooth while he was drunk, but I later forgave him and we remained friends. I was called names every day such as bitch, pussy, faggot, motherfucker, dickhead, fucker, fuckface, retard, piece of shit, square head, square face. I was told I suck at my job, that I would never be as good as my predecessor, was told I was worthless, not a real marine, that I'm a stupid motherfucker, was told "your sister is very hot and I wanna fuck her". I was physically assaulted a couple times by peers. I suffered this torment almost, if not every day. This is only some of the behavior I experienced. It was so demeaning. Not to mention living with constant paranoia and fear of anyone higher ranking who would yell at me and demean me over petty shit and treat me like a child. I was constantly walking on egg shells. One particular incident led me to being administratively separated (kicked out) of the military. It was 4th of July weekend 2019 and I was in a taxi on my way back to base from a concert. I shit you not, somebody had left a closed bottle of Jack Daniels in a plastic bag in the back seat of the taxi. One of those big 3 liter bottles. Being 19 (and a minor at that) and wanting to drink I took the bottle back to my barracks room. l drank all if not most of the bottle over the next day. This is the moment all of my emotions from the past several months were released. I recall it being about mid afternoon and I was hammered. I was yelling vulgar shit at the top of my lungs into the hallway. It had something to do with this girl I had known back at my job school in the states who had been a friend, who emotionally hurt me. The marines on duty were just laughing at me saying that I was going to "murder that lesbian bitch" at the top of my lungs. The next thing I remember before blacking out was playing video games in my room, and then I was throwing and breaking shit in my room, and then I was on the ground in a chokehold by my peer trying to get him to release me while threatening him. I remember my roommates were there and the one sergeant who was a friend to me. Then I remember crying hysterically, shouting down the hallways of the barracks that I was going to kill and rape certain people who had hurt me during my military career. I was blacking out and coming to the whole time. The next time I came to I was sitting on the couch in the barracks lounge surrounded by several of my higher ups, including officers, the duty, several military police officers, and a bunch of other people i didnt know. The police were trying to calm me down and I just kept crying in agony and confusion. I also recall noticing I had blood stain on my jeans. To this day I still don't know who's blood it was or how it got there. I blacked out yet again and the next thing I remember is being handcuffed to a hospital bed in a lobby, still balling like a baby and freaking out. Then I remember waking up sober the next day in my hospital room. I don't remember being arrested/detained or the ambulance ride to the hospital. What a fucking night. It was definitely the most distressing, most horrible night of my life. My BAC was .218, the drunkest I have ever been. This incident is what led me to being separated, in November 2019. Officially I left because of "alcohol rehabilitation failure" as I had refused to go to alcohol treatment and I knew I would be kicked out if I refused. I just wanted to go home. I wanted the abuse to just end and this was the only way. The drinking incident probably prevented me from having a successful military career too. I received a Non-Judicial Punishment, was demoted in rank, had my paycheck halved and had to do extra duties (cleaning the company headquarters building every day for two hours) for 60 days. It was late October 2019 before I was ready to be sent back to the states. I stayed in North Carolina for about a week before I went back home. All of my family knows I left the military early, but not all of them know why. When people ask if I did four years in the military I just say something along the lines of "no I left because of personal medical reasons." But I'm almost 22 so soon I'll be able to tell people I was in the military with them assuming I did four years. I actually rarely tell people anymore. Why do they always have to pry? It is kind of embarrassing to tell people that I left the military early because they probably think I am a failure or something. But it's just because they don't understand or know what I went through. I often wonder how my life and military career would have turned out if I wasn't given such a shitty hands of cards. I also know that if I stayed in the military my mental health was never going to improve. I was diagnosed with ptsd because of the abuse I received which has led me to having significantly difficult work and personal relationships. My family supports me even though none of them know exactly what happened, unless they're reading this. I guess I posted this to see if anyone has any supportive advice or similar experiences. But mainly it feels good to finally tell someone else about my experience. I've never talked in depth about it like this before so thanks for reading.