In a newer relationship with someone with PTSD
My boyfriend and I have been dating for about 8 months. He was in the military for 10 years and served 2 tours in Afganistán and a tour in Iraq and now has pretty severe PTSD. When we started dating 8 months ago he was not forthcoming about it and it took a little while for me to realize what was going on. As things got more serious and we had to talk about our feelings or emotions I realized that this was super difficult for him and if I pressured him at all he would have angry outbursts and this is what made me originally realize he had PTSD. After this happened 2 or 3 times I asked him about it and he told me that yes he has diagnosed PTSD and that he used to go to therapy for it but had stopped during his divorce. For the first couple months it didn’t cause too many issues but after he moved to his new apartment, started his new job and had several major life changes it seems to be getting worse. At this point in our relationship I’m not sure what to do because it has become super difficult on me, I really don’t want our relationship to end because we love each other very much and there is much more good than bad and I really believe if he was able to get treatment for his PTSD we could have an amazing relationship. Early on in the relationship I caught him flirting with random girls on tinder, he would never meet up with them he would just talk to them for a night and then delete them. It was super upsetting to me and when I asked him about it he couldn’t really explain it and said that sometimes he gets the impulse to do weird shit that he doesn’t understand. Since then I haven’t caught him doing anything else like that but it’s always on my mind and sometimes makes me feel quite insecure. This is hard because when I’m feeling anxious or insecure about it he gets upset and can’t reassure me because he feels so guilty and ashamed and shuts down completely and the less reassurance I get on this issue the more anxious I get about it and the more I bring it up the more it triggers his PTSD. Does anyone have any advice for how to talk about these types of emotional issues with him without sending him into a downward spiral? And also if you have any recommendations on support resources for myself or any good information sources on PTSD. 

Thank you!!