I walked out on a psychiatrist
TW: SA/ R**E
I (23F) knew I should’ve left when the front desk kept forgetting my name smh. I have a therapist and a psychiatrist that are wonderful but they’re both Telehealth, which has limitations, in my state and HMO I have to go in person to get screened for ADHD at least.

My very first psychiatrist misdiagnosed me with bipolar 1, when it was really severe ptsd and ADHD. I was put on antipsychotics and antidepressants that drove me to mania and really low lows. My therapist actually looked at my intake form, let me explain myself going into detail bc of how complex my trauma is. I always knew I had some sort of learning disorder since being in an IEP class every year in elementary school and still struggling to barely get by. My mother never got it checked out and has honestly been making my adult life even more complex and wrote me off as lazy since I was a child. 

Going into my appointment today was hell, I didn’t get seen until after an hour from my appointment time and did my paperwork online before coming in. In the lobby I could hear why everyone was getting seen and the front desk women speaking to patients sideways. By the time it was my turn, the psychiatrist could barely find my paperwork, asked me why I was there, when I tried to tell her, she stopped me and was rude asking her own questions and got mad bc I wasn’t able to give her a timeline (she kept abruptly stopping me confusing me and making me space out), it felt rushed, when I tried to talk again she began the evaluation and I could hear the bias she had. She evaluated me for bipolar after I already told her not to and brought in all my own paperwork and didn’t want to even look at it. She kept talking mess every time I said something, especially when I didn’t report my abusers saying that I was being dumb not reporting, that my sister must’ve been raped or abused to be with her baby daddies (NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR THAT ESPECIALLY WHEN THE APPOINTMENTS NOT ABOUT MY SISTER), I even tried to give her a list of the meds I was on and their reactions and continued to fill a prescription for something that wasn’t going to work. 

I’m not saying all psychiatrists are bad, but this one just caused me more trauma than I came in with, and will not be returning.