Finally had a doc say PTSD
Hi, I am a 35 year old woman who struggles with shame, insecurity, anxiety, flashbacks, and emotional dysregulation. I am also a high achieving perfectionist.

Over the years, I have lost many friends and a few relationships due to untreated PTSD. I was raised in a dysfunctional household to a mother who loved me but was unable to deal with her own severe mental health issues spurred on by an abusive husband and other factors more endemic to her own life path.

Many of those friendships were ones worth losing, but many were not. 

I have done a lot of work “on my own” over the years through alternative approaches. Judith Orloff is an author whose work I read vociferously and I found a lot of wisdom there.

I only recently went to a doctor about my symptoms. Well, I have been trying for a few years but for some reason doctors do not seem able to help. They suggest SSRIs but I am hesitant to try them because my symptoms are episodic and periodic.

I am now in a relationship with a woman I adore with every fiber of my being. It is in part (though not completely) because of her that I want to heal this childhood trauma and become someone who others can trust and rely on. I want to be free of the emotional outbursts, the insecurity that causes nitpicking, the feeling of constant victimization.

There are times when I feel like we have legitimate disagreements, as any couple does, but I can’t determine in those moments whether they are really legitimate or whether it is my trauma speaking. My main struggles have been surrounding relationship formation and intimacy, so how can I really know if that feeling of injustice or harm is real or if it just another trauma loop?

It feels to me like I am entering a new phase in my relationship with my own emotional history. I feel stunted in many ways, like an adult in some arenas and a teenager in emotions. It feels embarrassing to not be able to regulate like I see others. And another part of me thinks that my “expressiveness” is healthy and makes me authentic. Finding the balance is the key.

There’s no point to this post other than to say that a doctor finally confirmed for me what I already knew. Oddly this diagnosis spurred another event and it’s like a fresh wake up call.

I will be looking for a psychotherapist. I tried CBT for a bit and it did help but I was not as consistent. But I would like to commit in the future and go even when I am feeling “good.” When I am feeling bad the dissociative symptoms are so intense it makes it hard to even think about conversing.

I feel sad at times that I haven’t addressed this sooner in my life but I have been. And the only way out is through and forward.


I wish us all a healthier new year 2022 and all of the healing and restoration we need to enjoy life in the ways that we want and deserve.