Surviving mental illness, sexual assault, and abuse as a 19 year old female.
Trigger warning ⚠️ self harm, sexual assault, death, dr*gs, mental illness, etc. don’t read this if you’re actively struggling with any of the above. Take care of yourself. 

I made a throw away because I’m about to go into some pretty graphic details here that I don’t want linked to my main profile, but the throwaway didn’t work because I had zero karma, so I’m on an old acc, hopefully everything is wiped from it lol. 

To make it clear, this is a vent sesh. Any advice, or even just words of encouragement would be heavily appreciated. I’m 19, I suffer from BPD, insomnia, PTSD, and; Endometriosis. Endometriosis for those of you that don’t know is a chronic condition that causes internal bleeding, lots of pain, not a fun time; I was diagnosed this year. 

For the sake brevity, I’m gonna be extremely blunt, and straight to the point here, if it sounds like I’m being insensitive, pardon me, I’m just trying to make this short as possible, and after going through all of this I guess I am a bit desensitized. I had a really rough child hood, my parents were both addicts, I was raised by my grandparents, my grandfather ended up hanging himself in the shed in our backyard when I was 4, so then on it was just my grandma, my uncle, and my father who was extremely in and out of my life, and caused me more trauma than he did good (example: when I was thirteen has almost killed me by giving me two OxyContin forty mgs, regularly beat his gfs in front of me, etc) I finally met my mom when I was 13, we had a rocky relationship, she stayed sober for 5 years, then went off the deep end again. Last I checked she was on the streets in her old home town being looked for by police on account of her dealer bf being a murder suspect. 

I love my grandma, and I appreciate everything she’s done for me, but living with her was toxic. I believe she’s bipolar like my father. At 11 she allowed her brother to move in with us, and he began molesting me until I was halfway through my first year of high school. I started cutting myself around 11 as well. I tried to tell my family what he was doing, I didn’t for a long time because he was grooming me with cigarettes and alcohol, and I was scared of getting in trouble for smoking and drinking at eleven; I told them when I was turning thirteen; my grandma believed me but my uncle didn’t they let him continue living in the house, things died down for about a week and then start up again until he moved out when I was fourteen. 

After that I needed up in a series of horrible relationships, one when I was 16, the guy was 21 and a dealer, ended up giving me a fuck ton of Xanax, took advantage of me while I was fucked up, filmed it, and posted it on instagram and Snapchat for my entire school to see, that was great. I spent majority of my teenage years trying to stop my heroin addict father from killing himself, and; jumping from shitty dude to shitty dude, there’s a lot in between that but for time sake I’m cutting this down as much as possible.

Fastforward I turn 17 and meet the love of my life, we’ll call him Cam. Cam and I hooked up the first night we met, and spent every weekend together afterwards until we started dating. A year into our relationship Covid happens, and we decide to move in together in the city. A year into us living together he ended up basically cheating on me for two weeks behind my back while we were on a break and still living together, I ended up attempting suicide, third visit to the psych ward, a guy that worked with K’s company (I’ll get into that in a second) who would later assault me, ends up taking me to get meds, and making sure I was okay while Cam continued to cheat for another week, we eventually worked things out. About a year into the relationship I realized Cam had a r*pe fetish, and this tied into previous abuse I had gone through, I guess allowing it to happen from a consensual standpoint kind of allowed me to have my power back, and being that really my only previous sexual experiences had been abusive, pretty heavy stuff was the only thing that could get me going. Unfortunately consent became a bit of a blurred line in the relationship, and Cam became a bit.. More aggressive I guess over time. There’s been 3 incidents I can think off of the top of my head that really fucked me up, I remember crying after, and Cam realizing what he had done. Long story short, things became a bit abusive over time. Not just on Cam’s side although I never broke anything of his or sexually abused him, I have had my moments of getting physical out of frustration or grief.

Moving along, after we moved to the city I started working for my estranged family members billion dollar company as he was operating from where we moved to, I build a relationship with him and begin realizing my family had just filled my head with negative bullshit over the years to keep me separated from him as revenge (like I said they were toxic) and I start to really care for this estranged family member, we’ll refer to him as K, we started to rebuild our relationship. Things are going well, I even get Cam working with the company, and 6 months into this new life venture I end up finding out this family member was secretly using heroin. I had been close with everyone in the company for years as my father also works for this company, and one of the guys ended up having a falling out with K, and asked me to come over to talk this was normal as I smoked weed with all of the guys from work many times over the years, long story short this guy had hidden motives, I ended up going over fucked up on Xanax and ended up getting r###d again 

Cam found out about this the night it happened and came to this guys apartment with K, and police. I was too fucked up to fully understand what was going on, the guy that assaulted me had kept me in a corner away from everyone and the police talked to me separately and idiotically came to the conclusion I wasn’t in danger and was of age so they left me even though I was too high to even speak properly. 

I come to around four AM, realize what happened, find my phone and book an Uber home, I see K had been texting me all night trying to pick me up, and I get home to a frantic and concerned Cam who stayed with me and held me for the entire night. I wake up the next morning and go brush my teeth, as I see a text msg from the man who assaulted me the previous night stating K had passed away last night after everything happened. After he left the apartment that night he went home and OD’d.

I just remember screaming at the top of my lungs and Cam running to the bathroom to comfort me. Things were a blur for a good month after that, drink after drink, smoke after smoke, and pill after pill. My irresponsible, abusive, intolerable father was then placed in charge. Cam and I’d best friend Ben who also worked for the company, knew K for eleven years before he passed away and basically started the company with K so he was obviously crushed when he passed away. We all started partying hard to deal with it stupid, I know, party the pain of an over dose away. And it was stupid because six months later Ben died from the same shit too. We were lucky Cam and I were doing the same drugs but some how didn’t meet the same fate as our best friend. A few months after that, Cam and I celebrate our three year anniversary with some takeout and call it a night  

After losing Ben Cam and I started having more problems, what I didn’t yet fully know was BPD got more severe, we started fighting more, &amp;amp;amp; the only other friend I had left was living in a completely different country, Ben was gone. Things got really rough, I ended up having another suicide attempt, back to the psych ward, only this time I got officially diagnosed with BPD, and got put on proper medication, and was given proper resources for therapy.  Later on my other best friend who was living in another country ended up wanting to move back, &amp;amp;amp; she made it seem like she missed me and wanted to be there for me through this shit pile. Long story short Cam and I move her out here, 6 years of friendship to down the drain because she ends up being an absolute snake, shit talks me to cam multiple times, lies, screws both of us over, etc, etc, so we kick out her and our personal problems continue. Fast forward (I am doing A LOT of skipping because I doubt anyone even wants to read this far anyways, trying to keep it short lol) and now we’re living separately, I’m applying for disability, Cam left our apartment, moved into his parents temporarily, and now I’m scrambling to find a place for myself and our 4 pets (we have 7 he’s taking the other 3) by Jan first, but I don’t have enough money to rely on just myself, I’ve been sick with endometriosis for two years now, and Cam took the brunt of the financial load, so now I’ve been left with no option but to rent with my heroin addict father and take the basement suite, but I’m panicking because I don’t know if we’ll find a place in time, I’m sad because Cam left me to go to his parents and I’m now spending the holidays by myself, K and Ben have both passed away, and neither of them are here anymore, the girl I thought was my best friend is living with my father and spending Christmas with him (long story) and things are just an absolute mess. If you’ve made it this far thank you for reading all of this I’m sure it was a lot.. I’m on and off my meds cause I can’t afford them right now, and suicide has been a super prevalent thought.. every time I think of K and Ben I get this creeping feeling that I’m going to be next and that scares the shit out of me. Im so stressed out, I just don’t know what to do anymore. 

I left out a lot here. I haven’t even touched on the toxicity of Cam and I’s relationship, all of the TV’s, computers, and phones that got smashed, the sexual assault that I didn’t fully comprehend as sexual assault, two totally damaged human beings coming together in a completely catastrophic situation, trying to make it work, and just getting the absolute living shit beat out of both of them. 

TD;LR people die, life sucks sometimes, mental illness is rough, toxic families can ruin your life, and test your drugs if you’re gonna do them.