My aunt cooks for all of us and my mom always says shit like "EWWWW I WANNA THROW UP EWWWW WHO EATS THESE SO GROSSSSS 🤢🤢🤢"
She's literally doing this rn. LIKE BITCH MAKE UR OWN FOOD. I'm fucking done with her. I feel bad for my aunt. I have an extended/joint family. ANYWAYS, she won't shut up her mouth. My aunt makes amazing food, and my mom won't stop saying shit like EWWW I AM NOT GONNA EAT
I WANNA THROW UPPPP EWWW SO GROSS 

This is why i hate having dinner or lunch with her. 

my aunt is my mom's younger sister, btw.

Edit - she LOOKS the food items on the table, and says that she wants to throw up and "ewww...." And so on.

Edit 2 - My mom's the eldest, which is why, my grandpa doesn't care about anyone else but her. He tries his best to keep us altogether, but he just doesn't understand that she's abusive and a narcissist. Okay, understandable. None of my family members talk to my mother, because she fights with everyone. I wake up in the morning, and I can literally listen to her, yelling at my grandpa about everything. 

She yells at our domestic help/maids as well, and criticizes them. So NO ONE talks to her. And my mom isn't capable of living alone, and my grandpa (her dad) cares, or should I say - babysits her. He wants me to do the same thing. I dont wish to beg her to eat. If she's hungry, she's going to eat anyway. 

My mom has 3 siblings, and my grandpa prioritizes my mother ALL THE TIME. He even neglects me sometimes, and all of us. He gets confronted by everyone for treating my mother like a queen, because she clearly doesn't deserve to be treated like one. He does nothing, but encourage her behaviour. I don't know why he's SO scared of her. No wonder why my stepdad left her, and my another aunt stopped talking to her.

Also, he gets sick because she yells at him I surely do blame him for being an enabler, but the fact that she yells at him to the point - he gets sick, which is why, he listens to whatever she does. Everytime he's sick, it's because of her. No wonder why is he so scared of her.

It usually happens during dinner time. We all live together, in the same building so you can pretty much picture the scenario. Thankfully, my aunt didn't hear what mother said today. I was in my room, and that's when, i heard her from the dining room, saying eww and what not. She then asked our maid/house help to make her some tea for dinner. I don't think she had dinner, and I literally don't care. She'll eat if she's hungry. I'm tired of her bullshit.


Pardon my mistakes of the *edit* paragraphs. I'm sleepy af, and haven't slept in months (because fights keep happening all day long, and im always on my phone, trying to distract myself). 


Edit 3 - thank you everyone for your responses. Ill be reading them, but won't respond, because there are so many, aha. Also the ones who are wondering if I compliment my aunt or not, yes, I do. She plays the motherly role in my life, so yeah. And my mom doesn't have ED. She throws tantrums because she thinks that we are all in the wrong path, for not listening to her (EVERYONE LISTENS TO HER). She literally told me this, but she still isn't satisfied.


Edit 4 - mother is surely mentally disturbed. She blames me and others for that. I don't know what did i do. My stepdad gives her so much pain, even though he's away. They are getting divorced soon, and he TOOK half of her money so SHIT'S MESSED UP AS FUCK. She's worried about everything, but still doesn't justify her shitty behavior.