My mom wants to get me tested to see if I’m still a virgin
I posed this originally to r/advice and someone said I should try posting it here
Also I’m on mobile so I’m sorry if the formatting is weird.

So small back story. I’m 17F, my mother is 47F. I have been in a relationship for a little over a year now. My boyfriend is 18M.

My relationship with my boyfriend is absolutely perfect. He’s sweet, romantic, smart, funny, and everything I could ever want in a guy. I know he’s the person I’m going to spend the rest of my life with.

My bf and I have been sexually active for a bit over three months now. Everything was fine until I got a UTI from having sex (i think?). I went to the doctor, got diagnosed with a UTI, got on antibiotics, and went about my life thinking it would go away if I finished my medication. Well, it didn’t and my symptoms still persisted. After a few more weeks of being in pain, I decided to have my mom take me to the doctor again. I got diagnosed, put on a stronger antibiotic and went about my life. (I would like to mention that I was not sexually active during the second round of treatment)
After I finished my second antibiotic, I noticed the pain and symptoms were still there. I decided it would be best to tell my mother so I could get this resolved before it turned into a bigger problem. Every time I told my mom about my pain and symptoms, I could tell she was becoming more and more suspicious. I continued to deny anything she said about me having sex because I knew I would be in massive trouble.

Small side story that is important:
(This was before my UTI)
My boyfriend and I went to our home coming dance together and afterwards we went back to his house. We ended up having sex while I was still in my dress. Something must gave gotten on the back of my dress because after I went home and handed my dress to my mom, she pointed out a stain. Now, this stain looked exactly what you would imagine a semen stain to look like, but my boyfriend didn’t finish so I suspected that it was from me. My mom kept asking me what it was and I said I didn’t know. After a while, she stopped asking and I assumed that was the end of it.

Fast forward to last night. I get home from my boyfriends house and tell her I'm still in pain (still haven’t had sex since being diagnosed the second time) and wanted to know when my next doctors appointment is. This is when she starts asking again if I’m sexually active. I deny it because I know she’ll flip her shit if she finds out. She says; “You better tell me now because I’m having your dress tested for semen, and I plan on having your doctor test to see if you’re still a virgin.”
I continue to deny it and play it cool, even though in my head I’m freaking out. The conversation ends and I head upstairs to shower. I tell my boyfriend about it and I start freaking out. He tries to calm me down and reassures me that we’re going to get through it together. I end up crying for a while because I’m so scared about what will happen if she finds out. 

My mom and I have had a pretty bad relationship (i could tell a million more stories, as i’m sure most people here can lol) but it had recently started to improve. But now all of this happened and I feel stupid for having hope. Anyway, that’s my story. I edited it a bit to fit this subreddit more but let me know if it doesn’t belong here.

TL,DR: My mom is trying to get my doctor to tell her whether I’m a virgin or not because I’ve had a UTI that won’t go away, and a suspiciously stained dress.