They're so sad. It's tragic. It's unsanitary.
Edit: oh my god, i did not expect this to blow up like this!!! it's kinda overwhelming. thanks for the silver and the seal and the support and thank you for being here!! we are going to heal together, one step at a time.

seriously everyone, thank you so much. this really gave me the push that i needed to actually start getting my writing out there again. all that matters to me is that whatever i wrote made someone's day a little better or more interesting. 

i've kept a web journal for a long time, but recently decided to move it from my personal website (which needs to be for career/portfolio stuff now ._.) and onto substack. if you're interested, you can check it out here: https://rohuinac.substack.com/ there's not much now, but i have scheduled a new post with all my back content for every other day from now until the new year! i'll also be posting parts of a story i've been writing about the house daily until it's done.

***

Was over there to get the last of my stuff, especially winter clothes which I really need.

The house is like a shadow. It's like a cavern. It's a gaping hole in the heart of what used to be a family. It's cold and drafty and scattered with small piles of junk. It's infested with tiny vermin, now that the old cats are too arthritic to catch anything. It has an ecosystem: they bring things in, those things pile up. Something swept up underneath begins to fester. Wool-eating moth larvae chew their wends between particles of debris: cat litter, food, potting soil, feces, pet food, pet and people hair, flakes of skin... Infestations were routine when I was a kid. Nothing major, just blooms of tiny carpet beetles and ants and water bugs and clothes months and pantry moths and drosophila. The garden is overgrown with mosquitoes. House-centipedes and ghostly spiders creep through, grow monstrously, get killed by the cat, disintegrate.

I feel gross after being there.

They eat stew for dinner. I do not join them. I do not want to eat stew from this nasty ass house.

They talk, gossipping and bad-mouthing their neighbors and family members. They whine about their health problems, threaten to be halfway dying. Everything has a hidden danger. Even the cake is thick with excuses. Their conversations continue as I slip between rooms, sink into the permanent divot left on the couch after two decades of TV watching, loafing in this dirty place. Their words are wormy, they writhe and act pitiful and hope someone will shelter them, affirm them, bury them.

Fuck man. That's some sad fuckin shit. They wove their own nest of misery in that house, spackled thick with shit and spit like barn swallows. Every tear shed in that house is still there, somewhere in the thin film on the walls, the dust on the banister, the stain rippling the pages of a yellowing book. And they live in it. They don't leave it. Their world is so small and cluttered and shitty. And it's so fucking sad. It's fucking tragic. I don't want this life for anyone. Even them.