my dad showed pictures of me in my bathing suit to his friend
[Screenshot 1](https://i.imgur.com/Zk322M0.png)

[Screenshot 2](https://i.imgur.com/Dp52VnL.png)

Context: On Christmas Eve, me and my dad went to a Christmas Eve party at my friend's house hosted by her family (I know in hindsight this was a terrible idea). While at the party, her mom overheard my dad talking about my bra size and showing his friend pictures of me in my bathing suit. My friend then overheard her mom talking about it Christmas day and she then told me in the texts above.

I don't know what the fuck to do. I told my mom and she reacted with disgust and anger but she hasn't confronted my dad or talked more about it with me or done anything else really. I think it makes her uncomfortable and I don't wanna ruin the holidays by bringing it up but I can't stop thinking about it. I'm 19 right now, but I have no idea what age I was in those pictures he was showing people or how he even got them. The last time I think I was in a bathing suit around my dad was during a family vacation when I was ~13. I genuinely don't know how he got those photos. I know I saw that he had tried ordering hidden cameras on his Amazon account right after my mom left him when I was 14 but cancelled the order. I was paranoid about hidden cameras for a while but my mom assured me that he wouldn't watch me, he got them to watch her. Now that paranoia is coming back lmao.

 My parents are separated but I still live with them, alternating staying with each parent every week as I commute to college. I'm on my dad's insurance and his 509 plan would be paying for a good chunk of my college and/or grad school, so I'm kind of financially dependent on him. He made me call him earlier and I was crying about it but my aunt just told me that I have to stop giving him the power to treat me that way and to stop reacting like that :/ 

I know I need to get the fuck out and everyone will be telling me to just leave if there's comments but I don't know how to do it without screwing myself over financially. I have chronic illnesses so I'm kind of reliant on his insurance right now.

I just wanted to vent I guess, thanks for listening and sorry for the self pity lmao.