I told my mom what my husband is getting this year.
This year is mine and my husband’s first Christmas together as a married couple. 
My husband has never liked my mom. To quote him: “she is an incredibly bitter woman who hides herself in a mountain of artificial sweetener. She might be pleasant at first, but as time goes on, she will eventually leave a bad taste in your mouth.”

Well, a few days ago she asked what I was getting him for Christmas and I very stupidly and naively told her, not thinking anything of  it. 
She showed up yesterday I drop off my husband’s Christmas gifts. They were unwrapped because she wanted to see his reaction, since she wouldn’t be there on Christmas Day. Want to guess what they were????? The exact same thing I had been planning to get him just this week. Down to the last detail. I was so upset.  My husband seemed blown away though so I waited until she left to talk to him. When she was gone he immediately asked if she had done something to upset me and I explained to him. He told me not  to worry because our first Christmas as a married couple was enough alone to make this year a good Christmas but he understood and was mad with her too for what she did. 

I called her up today and confronted her. She said that she always felt like he didn’t like her but now that he’s her son-in-law, she wanted to change that and really try to rebuild their relationship. She wanted to get him something nice this year but didn’t know what, so she wanted to get ideas from me since I’d definitely know a good gift for him. She asked if she had made me mad, to which I said yes. She responded with “I was only trying to get close to my newest son, I don’t feel you should be this upset.” To which I hung up on her. 


So now here I am, just three weeks away from Christmas and I have no idea what to get my husband (and it’s sent my anxiety into a full on spiral) and my mom has made the rounds to family where she is just a poor victim to my temper. These were not cheap gifts and a lot of thought went into them. And family are on my backside now about being mean to my mom and “hogging” my husband from the rest of the family. What a way to kick off our first ever married couple Christmas.