My father told me he beats me up so that my husband doesn't have to.
I'm 19F and my father got really mad at me for not speaking up loudly when he asked me a question. He slapped me in the face. 

Usually I just take it and get over it but this time I started crying for whatever reason. And he got more mad and swung a chair at my face (I caught it mid air so I wasn't hurt).

Mom heard the commotion and came running. She told him to stop. He told her to not interfere when he is speaking to his daughter. Turned into an argument between them. And then dad pinned her down and slapped her across the face twice. 

I wasn't expecting it to get physical. I wanted to do something but I couldn't move or speak. 

He said to her "you came here defending this daughter? Look she's not even standing up for you. Why isn't she saving you huh?" 

Next morning, mom was acting as if nothing happened at all. Dad was not talking to us, didn't eat breakfast. When he came back from work he just said this to me-

"I only hit you because I want to correct your bad manners. I hit you so that your husband doesn't." 

And that I assume was his apology. 

He's said such things before, like for example, I lock my bedroom door when I take a shower, he doesn't like that I lock the door for an hour or so... So he says stuff like *"your college roommates will beat you up for hogging the bathroom."*

He's always getting mad at every small mistake I make. Things like not holding the glass of water *correctly* or not putting down the groceries *at the right place*. Doesn't get physical most of the times but yells slurs at me always.

I'm so sick of this. I just wish college wasn't online so that I could just move out already.

*Edit: Wasn't going to bring this up because it has nothing to do with this situation.

But my mom has infact only recently stopped being physically abusive to me because NOW she thinks I'm too old for being "disciplined". 

She and my father go along fine. He verbally bullies her sometimes but they go along just fine. Both are equally narcissistic and I'd say made for each other.


*Edit 2: Thanks for your concern everyone. I feel so much better knowing that it's not in my head.  

Also, to the people who are urging me to call the police, thank you for your concern.

But I wouldn't press charges because my mother is a house wife and my younger brother is still very young. He is abusive but he is feeding them and giving them a shelter. If he gets arrested, my family will become homeless. My brother will lose on his education. 

Not to mention the extreme disgrace I'd be bringing to all of my family by doing so. My relatives would not talk to me again, everyone will gossip about us. It's something I don't want out in the public.