The moment I knew there was something very, very wrong with my parents.
When I was 7, my dad would frequently take me to the grocery store/Kmart/etc. 

He would leave me in the car, and I was supposed to stay put. In the Deep South. It was either running/cracked window … I think. 

Every single time I would eventually get out of the car and come find him in the store. This was a very bad thing for a child to do, is what he impressed on me.

I have undiagnosed ADHD/autism at this point, by the way. 

I got spanked a lot. Daily, in fact. My parents got long thin paddles that were made to fit at the top of door frames, and placed at every doorway/entrance of the house. So that way, anytime one of my parents saw me commit an infraction, they could stand in the doorway, reach upwards, grab the paddle and they would then come forward to where I was.

Because spankings were so commonplace and severe, I stopped looking after my personal health/well being. 

So when I was threatened with 40 licks for leaving the car next time it happened, I forgot about it over the next few days until there was another K-mart trip. We go, and sure enough, maybe 20 mins in, I leave the car, walk through the parking lot, into the store, and I find him inside the store. I didn’t realize what I did until I saw the look on his face. I was fucked. As I followed him to the car, I tried my best to get out of it. I promised to never come to public places with him ever again. I tried asking for hugs. Anything. Please. He would not acknowledge anything I said. He was cold-shouldering me at this point.

We go home.

My dad was a big man, he made sure the paddle strokes were very slow and that the pain for each one fully set in before striking again. Like a full 5 count. About ten strokes in, I felt my body go numb. I swear I could have had an out of body experience. I screamed for him to stop, but he kept going. I remember running out of tears. I’m not even sure what you can call the sensation I felt towards the end. There isn’t a word for it. Pain just gave way to emptiness, I guess. I stopped counting. 

I remember it ending, and not being able to sit up. I wanted to die. More than anything in this world. I don’t remember the rest of that day. Because of days like that, there are a lot of memories of childhood that I don’t seem to have. 

I confronted my parents with this in therapy almost 30 years later. 

“We told you to stay inside the car.” My mom defended my dad to my face. They tried to blame me.

As a 7-year old, the most dangerous thing I ever did was try to find a parent.