After school, sit on the cub under the olive tree and DO NOT move until I pick you up, do you understand!?
I nodded in agreement and asked why. Nmother told me it was none of my business why, and that she was the mother and she told me to sit on the curb after school, and that I better not get up or move, or else. 

After school came. The kids and parents at my elementary school all came and went. I was the only person around. Even most the teachers had left. I was sitting on the curb as I had been told, by the street, under the olive tree. A lone teacher was walking out to her car. She asked me what was wrong and why I was sitting there alone. I told her my mom had told me to sit exactly here, and not move or get up until she got here. The teacher told me to come into the school office. It was around 5 pm. I was in second or third grade. The whole school had gotten at at 2:15 pm. 

The principal called nmother and the remaining teachers were talking in the office. They got ahold of the teachers that had been out front in the pick up line in the parking lot. They confirmed nmothers big black Cadillac had been out front and she had picked up flying monkey older brother at the opposite end of the parking lot, to where she had instructed me to sit on a curb and not move. I had done exactly as she told me to do, fearing the or else. 

I had sat there, highly anxiously waiting. As the last of kids and parent had left I was afraid to sit and afraid to move. It was a horrible feeling. I was deeply conflicted and figured I’d have to eventually get up and walk or something. I was only in second grade. 

The principal spoke to nmother when she arrived. Nmother did a sing song voice that she juuuust didn’t see heeeer! And that was why she didn’t collect me from school. Clearly that doesn’t add up and the eye witness account from the pick up line teacher was that nmother picked up flying monkey brother and took off, fast. Even flying monkey brother had ran out at the sound of the bell to get to the car far ahead of any other kids that day. When confronted with that fact, nmother brushed it off with “well I’m here now and she’s making us late to eat dinner”. 

Nmother did it on purpose. This was at about the same time a girl had gone missing from our Elementry school yard, which had happened on a weekend. She had lived across the street from the school. People were on high alert these days. Yellow ribbons were all over the school and streets in honor of Ileen Misheloff. And my nmother decided to force me to sit there for hours alone. As a second grader. Nmother had hoped I’d be next. 

The teachers were all disgusted with her. But that didn’t stop nmother. Evil nmother. Giddy with her excitement and signature “whaaaaaa? Ooooops” or “I didn’t knoooow!!” Routine. 

In the car she glanced back, disappointed, raised her high McDonald’s arched eyebrows and said to me that she thought “someone” would have picked me up. I asked who, and she just said ‘hmph. Never mind, guess you’re safe.” As she lurched the black Cadillacs forward. 

A lot of “accidents” seem to happen around her. I’m an adult now, and the more I think about the shit she did. The more I want her to go to prison and pay for her crimes against me.