My (32m) wife (28f) did porn when she was 18 and 19 years old. She regrets it, and it was supposedly behind her. But pirated copies resurfaced, and, even with lawyers, trying to contain it is like whack-a-mole. Attorneys fees are piling up. I think it's a losing battle, but she wants to continue.
I can definitely see where she's coming from, wanting to regain control of something about which she's embarrassed from her past and that was supposedly behind her. She had previously bought out the copyright to it, but the producer claims someone somewhere at sometime downloaded a copy from a website in the past and, for whatever reason, recently decided to start reposting it, and he claims he's innocent of breaking any laws or contracts. We found no evidence that he's lying, so suing him went nowhere.

A lot of servers sit in countries with regulations that are few and/or not enforced. It's difficult tracking down web domain owners. Individuals, who apparently have nothing better to do, seem to keep posting and reposting their copies on various sites. Google and Bing agreed to block it in their search engines as best they can, but it still can be searched and found on websites themselves.

We've spent $30k on attorneys fees, and she still finds copies of it.

I say we should give up, but she wants to continue, hoping she can one day stamp it completely out. I have my doubts that will ever actually 100% happen.

I'm trying to convince her to let this whole thing go and, unfortunately, just learn to live with the consequences of a mistake from the past. I don't care that it's out there, I really don't. But I do care that this legal battle seems to be taking over her/our life.

How can I convince her that continuing to spend lots of time and money on this is becoming a waste at this point?

**TL/DR**: How to convince my wife that, after $30k of attorneys fees, trying to stop distribution of the porn she did when she was 18 and 19 years old is a losing legal battle and a waste of time and money?