My(22m) girlfriend(20f) is being bullied out of her dorm for dating me
My gf and I have been together for about 3 months I'm black she's white. She goes to a Christian college full of surprise surprise Christians some of whom are shall we say quite conservative (you probably see where this is going).

Her college is about an hour away so there's some distance between us but I do my best to see her once a week. Now technically no students are supposed to have overnight guests of the opposite gender, but most simply don't care enough to report it when it does happen and the college isn't checking the rooms or anything so its very loosely enforced. She's let me spend the night there a couple times depending on if my work schedule would allow it. She has 4 roommates, all of whom except one is actively dating, those 3 have even had boyfriends whom they have also let sleep over on several occasions too.

Now the problems all started about maybe 3 weeks ago when her roommates started pretty much ignoring her and gossiping about her to one another behind her back. It all seemed very random especially because they were all on very good terms when we first started dating. One of them she's on very good terms with and the other three are everything but outright hostile towards her. They would accuse her of smoking weed, having sex, and would say they were "worried" about her wellbeing. On several occasions she's texted them requesting them to talk to her directly about any problems they may have with her rather than talking shit behind her back. They never took her up on that request to say the least. From when I was there I noticed if they walked in there would be no words exchanged, not even a meager hello. All this passive aggressiveness culminated last week when my gf was reported to the residential director people for having an overnight guest which isn't allowed because of COVID. Within 10 minutes of us getting back to her place at like 11pm a representative showed up to talk to her. The lady pretty much told her someone had reported her for having an overnight guest and that shed have to have a hearing with the residential people or something to explain herself and receive a possible punishment that could be as bad as her getting suspended.

Now all the girls there swore up and down that they had nothing to do with her being reported and felt so sorry for her and would be there for her if she needed someone to talk to. At first we believed them as it seemed quite low and would've been very hypocritical of them as they've done it before too. Like why would they do that now and not 2 months ago if they really didn't like us that much. In fact the one girl who my gf is friends with has been dating her (white)bf much longer than we've been together, lets her bf sleep over anytime he's there and no one cares. Its certainly not everyday but its quite often and she's never been reported by any of her roommates.

What seemed quite odd though, was I don't really radiate my presence to strangers and who outside of the household would have the time and dedication to notice when I'm there after hours? Not to mention the fact that the representative showed up so quickly so late at night when we'd got back from being gone most of the day. We came to the conclusion that the other girls began treating her poorly after I started spending more time there and that the only difference between me and any other guy that spends the night there is that I'm black and the others aren't.

Yesterday she had a meeting with the RA who admitted to her that it was her roommates who reported her and told her a whole grocery list of things they said shed been doing and that her sports team was "worried about her wellbeing". My gf denied all of it and told her what's been going on in the house especially some of the blatant racism, and fortunately they believed her. From what we can tell she isn't in too much trouble but is still gonna get hit with a COVID violation because she did break the rules. Now my gf wants to move out of her dorm and feels super anxious being there because of all this bullcrap. I I live with my parents an hour away so she cant spend the night with me and I can't even go to her place to comfort her without 2 of her roommates having an aneurysm because I make them uncomfortable because they "don't know me". Honestly I'm just lost on what I can do to help her that is more than just like texting and a visiting away from her place anyone been through something similar? how did you make it work? 

TLDR; Gfs roommates are ostracizing her for dating a black guy and have bullied her to the point of wanting to moveout and I don't have anyway to help her.

Edit: To answer why she just doesn't report them back, it's a slippery slope you could say. The other girl who's bf sleeps over more often than I do is actually her friend. She even helped her confront the other girls last night. She doesn't want to report the others becuz then it would ruin it for her friend too when no girl is allowed to let her bf stay the night without fear of being reported for it. 

Also during the house meeting they had last night, my gf revealed the big secret that one of the two major racist girls in the house had blown a guy in the common area. Now it actually wasn't that much of a secret becuz her supposed best friend (other racist girl) told everyone in the house about it after the 1st girl told her. It was kinda just this dirt everyone knew they had on her but no one brought up. Until last night when my gf revealed everyone knew about it including all the bfs. Now racist girl 1 and 2 are having a rough time for this major breach in trust lmao.

Edit 2: we talked about it and she’s gonna be moving out by Tuesday. Her dad brother and I will all be helping her move all her stuff. She thanked me for giving her the confidence to stand up to her flatmates and reminding her to not yell at flatmates under any circumstance when she confronted them. From what she told me the girls all made up a bunch of excuses about being stressed out because of finals or something as if that somehow justified the stunt they pulled but for the most part had no rebuttal for their shitty behavior.

She told them she has no desire to continue a friendship with any of them and is not going to try getting even as long as from here on out they leave her alone and stay out of her business like she always wanted. So looks like she should be okay. Her and the one girl that was actually her friend will both be moving out but not to the same flat unfortunately. Thanks for the kind words and ideas for how I can support her through this wack ass transition.