My dad called the cops on my mom
Hey I don’t know if this is the right place to put this bc it’s not a romantic relationship just a family one. I’m 14 and a girl. I have a younger brother and sister, my brother is 7 and my sister is 3. My parents have been divorced for like a year. We spend half the week with my mom, half the week with my dad. My mom really isn’t happy with that and she wants us with her all the time. Her argument is that since she doesn’t work she can watch sister during the day and my brother after school and they won’t need daycare for that half of the week. My dad says my sister likes the days she’s at daycare (I’ve volunteered there and it’s a really cool place and she does like it there a lot) and my brother does after school activities so he’s only at aftercare once a week for like an hour. The real reason my mom wants full custody is because she hates my dad having a say in what we do. She just wants to control everything. I’ve overheard her saying messed up stuff to my brother and sister. She got them a hamster to keep at her house and told them they couldn’t take it back and forth because my dad wouldn’t feed it and would let it die. Which is insane because I’m the one who feeds it at my moms anyway. She told my brother once that my dads new girlfriend was going to throw away all of his toys. And a lot of the time she just won’t drop us off at my dads house. And he’ll call and ask where we are and she’ll say “the kids don’t want to spend time with a piece of s**t like you” and stuff like that and then she’ll say not true to my brother and sister that makes them not want to go over and put them on the phone and have them tell my dad that they don’t want to come over his house. 

On Friday my youngest sister got an ear infection and she wasn’t feeling good. But we we’re still going to go over his house Saturday afternoon, he said he had cancelled all of the weekend plans he had made for us so my sister could stay home and rest instead, and he said we’d spend the weekend decorating for Christmas. 

My mom flipped out on him and told him no, that he didn’t know how to take care of my sister and she wasn’t going to make her “suffering worse” by sending here there, and then she stopped answering his calls. 

So then Saturday night he came over to come get us and she wouldn’t even open the door, just started yelling for him to get away and that she was going to call the cops on him, that he was going to wake up my sister (even though my mom was the only one yelling). So my dad said fine and said he’d just take me and my brother and my mom started yelling again and my brother was crying and she said we didn’t want to go, so he left. 


He kept trying to call Sunday but she wouldn’t answer. My mom took us to my aunts house so idk if he came over or not, I think he did because a few times I saw her checking the doorbell and cursing. 

Then Monday after school my brother and me were coming home we saw a cop car in my moms driveway and my mom standing out in the driveway sobbing while my dad sat in his car with my youngest sister (who was sleeping thank god bc my dad put a blanket over her window). 

The cop that wasn’t with my mom told us to get in the car with my dad and told me to go get our important stuff bc my brother started crying bc he thought my mom was going to be arrested, so I went in and got my brothers medication and my Xbox because we have a lot of stuff at our dads already. We were t able to say bye to my mom because she was crying so hard. I talked to her later over FaceTime and she was still really upset and trying to get me to bring my brother and sister home. 


My brother is still pretty upset and told our sister our dad got our mom arrested. I’m trying to explain to them thats not what happened but idk how to explain that to kids. I feel bad for my mom bc she’s so upset but I don’t understand why she couldn’t just follow the custody agreement? I don’t know exactly what advice I’m looking for. I guess for all of it.