My husband just spent a shit ton of money on himself and his dog knowing I was trying to save up so my kids could actually have a Christmas
I think I'm here more or less to vent than anything else. I lost my job a month ago due to medical issues and I'm currently very close to being able to get back out there. I can see the end of the tunnel but I'm still in a lot of pain. My husband is now the bread winner for the first ever time since being together (8 years).

My children are not his biological kids. He got a dog 2 years ago and that is his baby. Like wont go anywhere without this dog and it's like an unhealthy attachment. Like if he gets home from work he wont even speak to me but will immediately love on his dog and continue to do so all night while I take care of the entire house. Has her sit on his lap all night long basically. He treats me and the kids fine, dont get me wrong. He is not mean. He is attentive for the most part. He just very obviously loves his "baby" much more. 

Anyways.. we got our workers relief check in the mail on Monday of last week. I went and cashed them on Friday and put them in the bank and fully told him my plan to spend that on my kids for Christmas, which is going to be incredibly small this year. Maybe 2 items at most because we are broke. But I told him this anyways. Today he had the day off and he ended up going and dropping $90 on a pair of shoes that he didnt need (he has like 4 other pairs that he makes up excuses to not wear), a new insulated hat and face mask that cost almost $30, a new 12ft phone charger for himself despite us having 2 regular chargers already AND dropped almost $80 on his dog (treats, jacket, booties, hat). Be also paid rent and our other bills so now we have $34 left over. Which means he literally spent all of my workers relief check so now I have nothing. 

I confronted him on it and he said not to worry about it because he will have 4 pay checks between now and Christmas and the kids will still have shit for Christmas but the thing is, we have almost $400 coming out for his back debt payments. My kids are going to have a shit Christmas even more than they were already looking at because he spent all this money on unnecessary shit that he and his dog definitely didnt even need. I'm so upset. I know I will figure it out no question, whether I need to go through a Toys for Tots program or not but I cant tell if I'm allowing this to build resentment because admittedly Christmas is my favorite holiday and I like spending at least $150 on each of my kids, but this year I will be lucky to spend maybe $50 each. I feel this was so disrespectful that he spent the only money I had that was actually mine on himself and his dog.

We couldnt have separate bank accounts because he owed money from his previous bank (he was 19 and his mother was writing and bouncing checks in his name). So it was either he get on the account with me as a secondary or pay back almost $9k worth of shit that his mother should have been paying back. We had a rough start because of her ignorance. His credit was destroyed already when I met him at 18 because his mother completely screwed him. This is the first time this has ever happened. I had no reason prior to not trust him being on my account. We were best friends for 7 years prior to dating.