Recently found out husband(33M) has been cheating on me and I (25F) contracted syphilis.
I don't know where to start or how to start. I have been so lost , I am barely even holding on. This past week has been horrible. Three weeks ago I started having high fever, that won't go away , and then came weird rashes under my feet and extreme tiredness to the point where it started seeping in to my work performance.  I assumed it was probably hand foot and mouth disease or even Covid. So I went to the hospital and they still couldn't figure out what it was and then eventually after 2 long hospital visits and tests  I got the syphilis diagnosis. 

I was so fucking terrified and confused when I heard that I thought they might have switched my results with someone else's. I have been in a completely monogamous relationship with my husband for the past 3 (married) and other 2(dating)years and he was also my first relationship and I had no sexual history prior to him. I was thinking of every other possibility even the most absurd ones because I couldn't doubt that it was my husband. 

When I confronted him about my diagnosis  there was a clear sense of uneasiness and then he broke down and comes clean that he has been cheating on me with escorts. He maintains that he didnt know he had syphilis until I brought it up. The most disgusting part of it all  was that we were planning to start a family.At that point onwards I have just been numb. I keep thinking it is me , that I did something wrong. On top of that I now have to take penicillin till god knows when. I feel so hopeless. I have been talking to my doctor and they told me it is not as debilitating as I make it out to be and that because I was diagnosed early I stand a better chance at recovering and minimizing my symptoms. Still, I don't even know what to tell my family, everyone is going to look down on me and disown me. 

I don't know what to do, I am hoping I find someone else who have been through similar experiences so I feel less alone in this mess. I also have to work on the divorce proceedings and he has the audacity to tell me we can work through it as though nothing has happened. I can't do this anymore, I hate everything. I feel like I have given my life and soul to this man but clearly it wasn't enough. Please tell me I am not alone in this pain.