55f Mum, who cut 26f me off when I got a tattoo, wants to come to my wedding. Response help?
TL;DR: Mum hates body mods. Cut me off after seeing a tattoo. I'm getting married in February and she wants to come. IDK if it's a good idea or how to respond.

In early 2019 I got tattoos of my kids names and DOBs in an easily hidden location with a fairly minimalist design. Nothing offensive or dumb, just names, dates, and some lines.

Mum said throughout my childhood that she didn't like tattoos, but she said the same thing about piercings and she still took me to get my ears pierced at 16. She wasn't happy about it, but she did it. I didn't think it'd be a big deal that I got a tattoo, and I didn't even tell her because I thought it was such a non event. We went on a family holiday in mid 2019 and went swimming and she saw it. Cue a full on screaming session like I was a little kid and not a 24 year old woman, during which she said I was dead to her. I spent the rest of the holiday trying to speak to her and she ignored me like I wasn't even there. Holiday ended, we all went home, and I began trying to contact mum through technology, only for her to systematically block me on everything, but not before a final message saying I broke her heart and calling me selfish and impulsive. Despite her overreaction, I do miss her. We were close and my kids love her and I would like to mend bridges, if she can get over her body mod aversion.

My fiancé proposed in early 2019, before losing contact with mum. We were going to get married in late 2020, but then we had to postpone indefinitely for obvious reasons. We've had a baby since then, who has been added to the tattoo, and fiancé and I decided to just say fuck it and get married ASAP because it's dumb that we've been pushing back this wedding so long that we've created life before tying the knot. We've made arrangements for early February 2022 and it's less than a dozen people and drinks at our place after. Guest list is our siblings, some friends, my ex stepmum, and that's it. One of my siblings told mum and she has unblocked me to request an invite.

IDK what to do. I want to make up with her but there's not really time to make up pre wedding as we live in different countries so she would be coming here solely for the wedding and IDK if the wedding should be the first time I see her again, and considering that I've not only added to the first tattoo, but got a few more, IDK how she'll react. There's also the fact my ex stepmum is coming though IDK if that'll be a problem given the divorce. While I clearly have plenty of reasons not to invite her, I do still miss her and want to reconnect, and I worry that if I don't invite her to the wedding, that might be the final straw for our relationship.

How do I respond to my mother's request?