Need Advice on Dissappearing from His Life
TL,DR: My boyfriend has been cheating on me with his ex. I cannot forgive him. I’ve been the breadwinner and helped him towards building his business, paid for his expenses and was abandoned and cheated when I got really sick in return. He hates my rescue cats because he got into his head that he wanted to move his family (mother/siblings) in but never brought this up before. 

Throwaway account. I (F36) have dated Nick (M37) for 3 years. I wasn't perfect but my perception is that we have had an overall positive relationship until a year ago when I caught him cheating. I’m financially independent and have been a careful planner in terms of my finances. I’ll be completely debt free on January ‘22. I had a hard time forgiving him, but he did everything to regain my trust and we had a somewhat smooth run for about 8 months.

He asked me to help him start a business, which I did in part. I wrote the plan according to his idea, coached him through getting his permits and all other steps. He didn’t follow thru. First it was that he “didn’t have time”, then it was that he was anxious because getting it off the ground wouldn’t be  immediate. So in other words, I created a business for him where I would be his main client. This sounded like a happy medium since he wanted me to appoint him as my partner and that’s unthinkable. 

For background, I went to college and while being an average student, I did work hard later on when I found my first job to make up for not having an excellent academic record. I earned certificates and invested in my education however I could to improve my chances. It paid off. I’ve been self employed since I was 28. When I met Nick, he told me he owned a small  agency but was about to get a government job since the economy wasn’t helping. I was perfectly okay with that. Things were going well until I found out that he was seeing his ex. This was a huge blow for me because I didn’t know what I did for him to do this. I did everything in my power to be supportive and to be a reliable SO. I did my best to look nice for him, and I was contributing to the household (I paid half of everything, and it was my place). We had a long crisis until I chose to forgive and let go. During this new “honeymoon phase”, he got a better job, treated me with love and was very attentive to my feelings. 

I began to see red flags early this past October. He suddenly wanted me to be hands off from his startup, didn’t want to go out and lost interest in sex. He became grouchy and rude. It was all about him and his needs. 

He’d lost his job last year due to covid. We moved to a house I leased in January. I love the house but it created friction between us. I’m an animal lover. My landlord doesn’t interfere with my pet related activities as long as I can keep the place clean. I built a catio for my 10+ cats that I’ve rescued. It’s an indoor space with controlled temperature and all their supplies are available to them 24/7. This was my dream. I wanted to help those kitties stay off the street since I’ve been feeding them for years. Also, they have all their shots. One of them had CKD but bounced back. Nick knew this from the start. The house is clean, no pet smells thanks to the automatic cat litter boxes. He resented the cats because he “wanted” his family to move in. The answer was no. We never discussed this. He went as far as to ask me to get rid of the cats and suggested I put them up for adoption. The cats were not his expense. He hasn’t worked a  steady job in months while I’ve helped him fund his “business meetings” because I didn’t want to kill his dream. He does contribute but significantly less.

I cannot live with his family. They are choosing beggars and moochers. The pattern is that his siblings and himself break off their relationships as soon as babies are born. I realized this too late. Nick says his ex “went crazy” after she gave birth. His brother tricked his ex into moving with her parents while he found a home for them and the baby. He never found a house, but knocked her up a second time so her parents banned him from stepping into their home. The youngest brother high tailed his wife when she had her second baby. All his siblings and his mom live together. His reason for wanting them to move in was that we had 3 spare bedrooms plus a very large family room and that it would be great if they SAVED ON RENT. So, I guess there was no intention to contribute.

Long story short, I got really sick by the end of october. I never got so much as a kind gesture from him. I cried due to body aches and he just stayed away. His excuse is that I could be contagious (it wasn’t covid). He never asked me if he could get me anything to eat and hardly ever came to check on me. I spent a lonely Thanksgiving while still recovering because he left to be with his family. My loved ones aren’t near because I left everything for him.  At some point, we talked about marriage.

I recently found out he is back with his side chick. I was gonna hire a P.I. but it’s not worth it. I already know what I need to know. I got ahold of his phone and found about 3 weeks worth of texts. They are definitely having sex. I’ve held this inside of me because at first I was in too much pain to confront him. I don’t wish it on anybody. We are hardly on speaking terms and he hasn’t even bothered to ask me what’s wrong.

I didn’t find anything on his “girlfriend’s” social media (Laura). I did find more than I needed to know from her mother’s profile. He has been active in their lives since at least last summer and has been lying to me. This hits close to home. While he’s been lying to me about going to job interviews without any luck, I’ve been partially financing his lifestyle. 

He has a so-called business trip to the BVI. I no longer think there is business involved. Or, he may be combining business with something else. I don’t know if this is a fake business conference or what and I don’t wanna know. I did see Laura’s mother’s social media and she vaguely mentions a trip abroad. 

I’m leaving him first because of the pain he’s causing me and second because he’s a liar. I need advice to see if there’s anything I’m leaving out from my to do list as I’ll be disconnecting from him. I’m not granting him the luxury of knowing that I’m pulling the rug in advance. I already talked to the landlord as I’ll be leaving the house slightly earlier. I’ll be using Nick’s trip to uproot myself. 

I already hired a company that specializes in pet transport since I’m concerned about flying pets in cargo. I have all their health certificates in order so they will be coming to pick my kittens up by 9 AM. Nick’s flight leaves much earlier so he needs to be out by 6AM. I’m moving closer to my family and I’ve already made arrangements to board my pets until a new catio is built for them. My sister will take care of it. I will be living on my own property. 

I’ve arranged for the movers to come the same day  in the afternoon. That way I'll have time to pack and separate my stuff from his. I’ll have all his personal items shipped to his mother’s house because I don’t want any personal interaction. 

All business efforts have been canceled. I’ve made sue he gets no access to my clients and deleted the business plan, etc. 

I need to change all my passwords and all the pins on all my cards and the Visa I’ve allowed him to use for emergencies because he might be able to draw from it. I also need to drain the bank account I let him use for business expenses and close it. I think it’s best if I do it while he’s flying to keep him from using them. 

IDK if I’m leaving anything out. I will leave immediately to avoid any surprises (his family coming to confront me, etc). He can now move in with his GF if he wants. I think she lives with her parents, but he will no longer be my problem. Any suggestions? I’d hate to leave any loose ends.