I (20m) bought my girlfriend (18f) a christmas gift and she cried and got upset when she noticed what size I bought.
My girlfriend and I were planning on going to look at Christmas lights tonight and go on a little date, and since she doesn’t really have winter attire (a coat and gloves) I got one and gifted it to her early tonight. I got a columbia coat and some nice warm gloves for her and I genuinely thought she would love it. Now don’t get me wrong, my girlfriend is NOT a skinny girl but she’s definitely not fat, she’s insecure about her body/weight but she genuinely just carries a lot of it in her boobs, butt, and thighs. 

Well with Columbia sizing some people were saying the coats run a bit small and so I took her measurements and since her breasts are big it fell into the 2x range when she’s normally a L/XL and the rest of her measurements fell into XL. And she has semi long fingers so I ordered XL gloves. She opened the coat and gloves and seemed excited till she noticed how “big” it looked and looked at the tag and saw that I ordered a 2x. Her face/reaction instantly changed and she looked like she wanted to cry. She thanked me and smiled and then went to the bathroom where she tried it on and it was a bit big on her and began to cry which I only noticed because I came in. She said it made her look huge and that I think she’s fat and has big hands. 

She’s extremely hurt and doesn’t want to go out anymore, or wear the coat that I spent far too much money on. What do I do here? I feel bad that  it made her feel bad but I’m also slightly hurt. Is there anything I can do to make this right and not ruin tonight?

Edit: We didn’t go last night and that’s fine because we’re going tonight, but the negative comments are getting out of hand. Yes, my girlfriend is insecure in her body. However, That’s not a reason for me to leave her and that suggestion is ridiculous. If she was insecure in our relationship that’d be different, but she’s not. Body dysmorphia is a serious thing, stop mocking her for crying about it. I’ll order a different size and just return whichever she decides fits her best because the XXL is admittedly baggy on her and she likes form fitting things so she doesn’t look “fat”. I do think her feelings are still slightly hurt, but we’re all good. She told me thank you, no ungratefulness here.