Update-Wife(39f) cheated on me(38m) 6 months ago she is doing everything right now but I cant forget her past behavior
Update-The last two weeks have been very hectic for me, and just now things are settling down for us so I am making an update finally. Firstly, I decided to give reconciliation a fair try. Its not just because of my daughter but I have realized that yes I do still love my wife and if possible I want to stay with her. She has been diagnosed with depression and has started her meds. She also surprised me by telling that she has taken an extended leave of absence till she is transferred to her new school, so that was something which really helped me decide on the reconciliation. We had a date this weekend after a very long time and we both enjoyed it. She is very remorseful and understanding and I am also finally speaking my mind rather than keeping it all bottled up, as I realized that it was not helping anyone, let alone me. Now I dont know the future, but at this point we are both committed and hopeful that yes we both want to make it work and stay together. Hopefully as she gets her depression in control we can make some major strides on the route to reconciliation. 

Original text below:

 

So we have been married for 6 years now and have 1 beautiful daughter (4 yo). We have had more ups than down in our relationship. But just like a lot of couples, we suffered during the lockdown. Having to stay in the house with a very active 4 yo took a toll on the both of us. Anyways around December last year my wife started playing online multiplayer game. As we were both working from home and all the options of r&amp;r were still closed so I thought it was a good stress release for her. Eventually she started to spend more time on her game, at first it was 30 minutes every night, then it increased to 1 hour every night and by March this year she was spending 3-4 hours every night playing and coming to bed after midnight or sleeping in the spare bedroom. This put alarm bells in my brain so I asked her if everything is alright? She says yes, she is just enjoying the gaming experience. I say thats nice but I am starting to feel ignored here and she said that she will try to regulate her gaming usage. But her hours increased instead of decreasing. By the month of May it was becoming increasingly clear that something was going on with her, she was either addicted or having an affair. We were not spending any time together, she was hooked on her laptop and whenever I tried to ask her to spend some time together she called me clingy and jealous. It was hell. So I logged into her Discord account and downloaded the chat history. And what I found was broke my heart. It was as bad as you can think, dirty chats, pics, their plans for future together and a lot more. And it was evident that they had sex, at least once because he was thanking her for an unforgettable experience.

So I did some digging and it turned that the guy was a teacher in my wife's school. I found his wife's social media accounts too. Anyways, by this time it was 6:30 in the morning so I took a printout of the chat history and put it in a folder and waited for her to wake up. When she woke up I handed the folder to her and went into our daughter's room. I could hear her labored breathing and crying and then she finally came to our daughter's room. Then I asked if she needs a lift to her boyfriends house or shall I call an uber? She started crying hysterically at this point and this woke our daughter up so our conversation was cut short. And the rest you guys can guess. She insisted it was nothing serious, she was just stressed, she didnt mean to do it, you know the standard cheater 101 manual. It went on for a few days but eventually she said she wanted to reconcile. I was in for the reconciliation from day one as I didnt want to spend just half the time with our daughter, and I still loved my wife. So she started counselling, gave up gaming and started taking an active interest in how to make our love life better, basically becoming the perfect partner.

But I have somehow gone on the opposite side in terms of reconciliation. I just cant forget how she used to talk to me and call me clingy, jealous and controlling if I asked her to spend some time together. And not to be petty but I think I can do much better than her. She is a school teacher and I am a software professional earning 10 times her salary, also I am now back in the shape I was during college as the sports jersey has started to fit me again. I have been getting tons of female attention and so far I have not reciprocated but the desire is there. On the one hand I do want to make it work with her, but on the other hand I just cant seem to forget her antics. Any advice on how to genuinely get over her past behavior