My brother’s (22m) abuser beat him up to the point of concussion and a bloody / broken nose. How to we make sure he never deals with her (29f) again?
My brother’s drunk girlfriend beat the shit out of him the other night and his roomate saw this happened and called the police (thank the lord) because my brother wouldn’t do it.

My brother did not throw a single swing back and barely even defended his face because he was so shocked that she was attacking him.

This has been a year long cycle of abuse and finally I think my brother and my family can help him capitalize on this situation and end this for good.

I’m thinking restraining order is the best thing at this point because my brother doesn’t want to press charges. (Although he is well on his right to do so!)

Is there anything else I can do? My family and I are working incredibly hard to be supportive but I want to help guide him away from all this. 

He already went to her house to get his stuff while she was admitted as a psych patient after this episode because she threatened to kill herself while in police custody. 

He does have his own apartment, however the attack happened at his apartment when she Ubered there drunk to explicitly fight with my brother who is nothing but a good young man. 

All advice appreciated!

*** UPDATE 1 day after initial post *** 

The abusive woman will be in court tomorrow or the next day - which from what I can collect is because the state is pressing charges against her due to this being her SECOND documented assault incident (she and her old boyfriend physically assaulted each other).

Also discovered that this was at minimum the THIRD time she has physically abused him by hitting him in the face.

I have little faith that she will get jail time, but hope that she won’t be able to continue her career as a paramedic or move onto being a nurse like she allegedly planned. This sick woman should not be caring for anyone else but herself while she hopefully gets some help.

My brother is still getting texts from her saying things like, “I don’t even know what happened, I’m sorry, etc. etc.”

My bro also has applied for a few different therapists to work with so that’s a very good sign. 

I believe he needs to block her number and never speak to her again but he wants to “end the relationship” in person which still makes me incredibly worried/ upset. I told him if he absolutely Must meet her again it needs to be public and with friend(s) present and that that really needs to be the END.

Thank you all for your guidance and concern. Now that she’s going to court for this I do feel a lot better but I will continue to support and push that he stays away for good.