Update: My fiancé (31m) and I (29f) are not equal in the relationship
The link to the original is right here: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/rlpjp8/my_fianc%C3%A9_31m_and_i_29f_are_not_equal_in_the/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf

Since the original post, I tried sitting down and talking with him. I tried doing small requests and not yelling at him. I thought he would be slightly better but yesterday happened.

Let me preface this with the fact that I have moderate anxiety that I take medicine for daily. I’ve had it my entire life. My anxiety is focused on future problems, not current. Example: our dog woke me up to go outside. He (31m) will not get up to take her out unless he needs to get up or can’t sleep. Im mad that he makes me do this. If I don’t get up to take her out, there is a 95% chance she will pee or poop in the room (has carpet) and I will have to clean it up or it will just sit there. This causes my anxiety to become unbearable. 

Christmas was spent with his family as mine has broken up due to the death of my father in 2019. This is not new and I knew we would spend it with them. He made me hold the dog the entire morning so everyone could open their gifts. I had a good holiday present wise, sure. I just had a mentally exhausting day that brought me to tears out of frustration. This came to a culmination this morning when she woke up to use the bathroom. He didn’t get up to help after multiple times of asking even though it was HIS turn. I haven’t had a sleep in day since we got her in Feb 2021. I also haven’t had a true break where I’m treated the way I take care of him.

I recognize the mess and my hand in it. I allowed this lazy behavior to continue but I feel as if my anxiety has been abused. He knows if he doesn’t get up, I will because I don’t want to clean up the poop that will inevitably happen since he won’t touch it. I don’t believe in ultimatums since we are both adults and should be able to talk without them but i don’t know what else to do. 

I plan on giving him 3 options: alternate weekends of responsibility (he does the cleaning, dishes, trash, and getting up with the dog which is what I do EVERY WEEKEND), pay me $100 a week to absorb his responsibilities on weekends, or seriously talk about staying in this relationship.

He’s still asleep so I have time to collect my thoughts before talking with him. What else can I do to try to get him to just help me with things? He’s not willing to pay for a weekly maid (I promise he makes enough; he just doesn’t want to pay it) so my options that are realistic and obtainable that I can present him are very few.

Edit: she is our dog. I misspoke as I say she’s my dog and he says she’s his dog. We adopted her together and agreed to share responsibility.

Edit: seriously, thank you all for your advice, input, and concerns. I will take this all to heart and I WILL start looking for an apartment. I will only bring it up if I have signed and booked the move in. A break, short term, long or permanent, is necessary for my mental health which has been pushed aside. Thank you for taking the time to help me figure out at least my next step. I hope you all are having a fantastic holiday season and are well and happy. ♥️appreciate you all ♥️