My (28f) partner (37m) keeps using weaponized incompetence against me
We have been together 2.5 years and lately I've been getting really tired of not having an equal partner. He used to do more (cleaning, get me flowers, etc) but for the past year this has been the norm. I do the majority of the cooking, shopping, errands, and most of the cleaning (though we disagree on this part). My partner rarely performs act of service for me but is very good with quality time. I work 13 hours shifts 2 days a week and even on these nights when I don't get home until after 8:00 p.m., I am usually the one cooking. 

Tonight I told him that on those nights I would like him to arrange dinner so that I don't have to worry about it at 9:00 at night. He agreed then immediately went upstairs and started working on his hobby.  I started dinner and after some time he came down and asked how he could help. He dumped some food in a pan, turned the fire on high, and said "be right back." I thought to myself, "wow, I appreciate that he said be right back because usually he just disappears without a word, when he comes back I'll tell him that I appreciated that". 

My joy didn't last long as I kept cooking for about 10 minutes before checking on him and found him upstairs on his phone listening to music.  When I confronted him, he said "I thought I finished". I said, "So If I wasn't here, you would have just put food on the stove on high heat and left upstairs?". He repeated "I thought we were done".

This happens often, he will tell me "I didn't hear you" "I thought it was good" and when I ask him to do something he will often just ask me how to do it until I end up doing it myself. 

I'm at my limit and have shared with him my thoughts on weaponized incompetence and how harmful it is. How do I communicate more clearly to him? Tonight I flat out told him if I'm going to be in this relationship he needs to stop doing this. He laughed so I repeated myself and he apologized. It's worrisome because we literally had the conversation about him preparing dinner right before he immediately chose to abandon the task. I feel like I'm just being gaslit because when an issue arises he uses these excuses against me (I didn't know, I didn't hear you) and how do I argue with someone when they're claiming they don't understand something even though they're a very intelligent person?