My husband (33M) and I (33F) disagree about permanent sterilization
My husband and I are expecting our second child. The baby will be born via c-section because my first delivery was long and difficult. I'm considering getting my tubes tied right after the c-section, since the two procedures can be combined seamlessly. However, my husband is strongly against it because he wants us to have at least one more kid (or at least keep that door open).

In short, I've always wanted 2 kids, but my husband wants at least 3. It's been his dream to have 3 kids since he was a kid himself, and he wants it more than any career or financial accomplishment either of us could ever achieve. Before we got married, I made it clear to him that I can only promise to try for 2 kids. He reluctantly accepted that, but possibly hoped that I'd change my mind. Years later, I have not changed my mind. During that time, I've had a miscarriage, a difficult delivery with my wonderful first baby, and a rough second pregnancy. And I will be having a c-section next year, which will probably mean another long recovery. I want to be done with pregnancy and birthing after this baby is born.

As for birth control, we've previously relied on the fertility awareness method and pulling out, alternating them in a way where if either method failed, we could get pregnant. That was an okay risk for me then, but I don't want a third child so I don't want to keep rolling the dice. Regarding other options, I had a bad reaction to birth control pills once, and would like to avoid all hormonal birth control because of it. Also, my husband doesn't like condoms, and doesn't want to use them regularly. I've heard too many horror stories about the copper IUD for me to be brave enough to try it.

Would it be okay for me to proceed with getting my tubes tied against my husband's wishes, or would that only cause problems in our marriage?

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr: I want to get sterilized after my second baby, but my husband wants us to have one more biological kid.