UPDATE: my husband beat cancer and now he’s giving up on our relationship (update he’s also abusing me financially)
Here’s the skinny: my (21f) husband (21m) had 2yrs of intense treatment for cancer. He went into remission after a stem cell transplant this past spring. Ever since, he’s been negligent of my feelings and our relationship. 

He rarely wants to do anything I want to do - and there’s always a reason why we can’t at the time, but he’ll never consider it again after “he’s said no”. And this is about stupid things like going to the zoo, or out late on a weeknight. 
He won’t spend any extra money on me, even to get a lamp to go over my vanity or new clothes when I’ve hardly shopped since we got married. 

I make my own money, but he does all the budgets. When he was in treatment, we developed a system where I’d send him what he needed to pay the bills. He’d send my money back to me if there was extra. 

When we moved in the spring, our rent went up so he said we had to cut our spending money. He told me to just keep $100 every month and send him the rest. I don’t - I always say there’s a few extra things I need to keep money for and hang on to a bit. But I still end up with very little in my account, and I always told him that I wasn’t okay with doing that for more than a month or two while we figured out our finances. I’m not comfortable just sending all my money to him to handle  But ever since, it’s been reason after reason why we haven’t been able to merge our accounts. He’s said a few times that he understands why I want a joint account but he doesn’t see the difference since he’s my husband and I can trust him with it. He knows my parents are really bad with money, and they never taught me to manage money. Sometimes he hints at that when I talk about wanting to share in our finances. 

But I had more savings than my husband ever did. I owned my own car before he even had one, and then his dad paid for half of it. I paid for our wedding (it was small, but still nice and cost about $8k). While we were engaged, he bought a pickup that died before our wedding. He spent his savings paying the rest of the loan on it (about $10k). I paid first and last on our apartment, and covered rent while he couldn’t find a job. This is after I got him a job at the pizzeria I’d been at for six months. He got us both fired. He always says they were shady anyways, which is true but not the point!

After my original post, I told him I want to set up a mutual fund. So we can at least have our cash and bills coming from the same place. He just asked me to move the appointment with the bank, then a few minutes later came out with a plan he and his brother made for us to get a joint checking account. I said that’s not a mutual fund, and I want to do what we already planned. 

At this point, the red flags are off the map. I’ve talked, we’ve talked, he explains and explains but things never get better for me. I can’t focus on myself at all because I’m basically babysitting a grown man. I have so much healing to do, and I wanted to do it together but he’s not letting it happen. 

I think it should be over, but part of me wants to keep fighting for this. After everything, I just want us to work so bad. Could this possibly be salvageable? If not, how do I pick myself up enough to face that fact?

Edit: I got stoned 22hrs into replying to comments, so that’s why I’m chatty. Thanks so very much to everyone who’s helping me think through this. Tonight, I canceled our 2022 trip to Mexico. I think it’s time I leave this relationship, and again thank you so so much to everyone who helped me realize that. I plan to update in a few days , I’ll probably still need advice and I’ll let you know how it’s going

My original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/r4a8u4/my_husband_beat_cancer_and_now_hes_giving_up_on/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf