Now that I (f30) am a parent , I deeply resent the people in my life who failed me as a child.
Long story short, I had a rough childhood.  Homeless, lived in shelters, slept in cars, physical abuse, s** abuse, domestic violence. You name it. My mom had full custody. So all of the traumas are her transgressions but my dad never stepped in to take me from her. He didn’t send child support, I know for a fact. He would send school clothes once a year and fund a trip for me to see him once a year. My dad didn’t know the extent of the abuse but if he hadn’t been an absent parent he would have known. 

When I turned 18, I became extremely distant from my mom but would still visit every few years and answer her texts/calls. 

Since, I didn’t directly correlate my abuse to my dads negligence, I cling to the idea of a relationship with at least one of my parents. 

I have been a mother now for two years. 
I feel immense responsibility towards my daughter. I have made countless sacrifices and would do anything to ensure that she is fed, housed and given all of the tools necessary to thrive. I work with my therapist, I take parenting classes, I WORK SO I CAN PAY THE BILLS. I’m giving my child a stable home life. Things my parents neglected to give me. But it’s instinctual, the drive I feel when I look at her. How could my parents fail me so?


So now, I haven’t spoken to my mother since a few months before I gave birth. I tried to address my feelings towards the things she put me through and she became defensive. Unwilling to even acknowledge my emotions and apologize. It appalls me that she is a mother and did what she did.

When I gave birth, my dad started a regular  mantra of “you don’t matter now, the only thing that matters is your daughter. you must sacrifice everything for her”. He would tell me he no longer cares about me and only cares about my daughter. Same guy who didn’t sacrifice shit for me. He started telling me he didn’t approve of how I ended up and he wanted me to be a doctor! As if he did everything he could for me and I failed. 

It’s years later and they’ve forgotten their wrong doings and feel like my anger is coming out of left field. The stronger the bond with my daughter becomes, the angrier I get towards my own parents. How
do I let bygones be bygones?


TLDR: Now that I’m a parent, I resent my parents for being shitty parents. I didn’t care before.