Forced to host Christmas dinner
My husband wants us (which means ME) to host Christmas Dinner at our house.  He started inviting family and offering to do it at our house without even asking me. He invited around 30 people (his family) and I already have a hard time with big groups of ppl and don't even feel comfortable with his super close tight knit family... I'm always the one left out (I struggle with social anxiety) I still go to all his family stuff and put effort in but to have it at our house is extremely overwhelming for me.  We have young children and I'm already having my small family over just parents and siblings over for a Christmas Dinner (on boxing day) so not sure why he had to dump this all on me. My entire Christmas Eve and Christmas Day is going to be me deep cleaning and preparing food (they do bring food as well but usually I just make one dish to bring to there dinner now Ill have to do like 5 things,dessert and hand drinks out), I will have to leave my parents breakfast early Christmas morning to just get back to cook a million things and clean up from presents.  We already give his family Christmas Day Dinner ...I have not been able to do a Christmas Dinner with my family for 10 years and we get boxing day because hes family is more important... Boxing Day will be a rite off as well Ill be cooking and cleaning while he takes the kids shopping..I am no longer looking forward to the holidays and its going to be really expensive and stressful having so many people over.  I should also note my husband doesn't clean or cook...  What would you do if you were me? I've told him how I feel and he gets mad and tries to make me feel bad.

. ****Update*** Wow thanks for all the comments and advice it’s hard sometimes to see what’s going on in your marriage when your in it. All the comments made me realize I should not feel guilty and that I should respect myself and stand my ground so I did. I told him if he wants to have his entire family over he can hire a cleaner or clean .. and that I am only making the dish that I usually make for his family’s Christmas Dinner (bacon wrapped carrots) and he can help me make the Swedish meatballs in advance and freeze them to throw in the crockpot the day of. I will not be rushing home from my family breakfast and will enjoy the day guilt free even if the house is messy. And he said Ok. I’m done trying to please him and his family. He is going to tell his family to bring the rest lol and he will go out and buy the dessert and fruit tray so all good.