How do I ask my pregnant friend to move out?
I apologize in advance for the long post, I've been stalking here awhile so I tried to answer some of the obvious questions.

TLDR: my friend and her family moved in 6 months ago and I feel like I have the responsibilities of a parent. How do I get her to move out without ruining my friendship?

We are both in our late 20s. I am married with no kids. My friend is married with two kids, ages 7 and 2. She is 8 months pregnant, SAHM.

After my friend's husband lost his job my friend asked if they could stay with my husband and I until they get on their feet since we have two spare bedrooms. They told us they planned to move out "ASAP" and the husband said he would be putting in job apps everywhere including fast food. 

I love my friend and at first it was fun, but that's worn off. The husband has not been applying to other jobs and now says he wants to wait until after the baby is born because he will want to take time off to help with the baby, which is understandable but it's been more than 6 months since they moved in now and I'm tired and want my life back.

 Their kids are badly behaved when they don't get what they want- throwing things, yelling, breaking things, etc. My entire house is full of toys and dirty clothes and pull ups. My friend and her husband have been yelling at the kids and each other fairly frequently so it's often an unpleasant environment. I work from home at times so I have to wear earphones and hope my clients can't hear the yelling.

 By the time I get off work my friend is tired of dealing with the kids and seems like she expects me to entertain them for awhile so she gets a break. I love the kids and don't want to reject them when they ask to play with me (this isn't their fault) and I want to help my friend, but I also want a break after work. I usually end up playing with them from 5 until bedtime, excluding dinner. Her husband cooks dinner for us most nights, which is appreciated.

The two year old has bad dreams and I frequently wake up in the middle of the night to them crying. My spouse and I are getting more irritable with each other (not normal for us). Our sex life has suffered due to the realities of a family living with us.We've had to give up hobbies because they are unsafe around the kids (painting, plants, making pottery, etc) or being too tired/busy. We rarely go out outside of work because I'm trying to be responsible due to Covid. We haven't invited other friends over because I'm embarrassed about the mess. I feel like we have all the negative parts of being a parent without having much choice in the matter. I think this will only get worse when they/we are sleep deprived with a crying newborn. Obviously I don't want to kick them out I just want them to have an exit plan. I could do a couple more months if the husband has a job and is looking for a place to live, but I can't do the indefinite"when we get on our feet" thing much longer. I am starting to resent subsidizing their lives. 

They don't really have anyone else to ask for help and they haven't been able to save money while living with us due to the lack of income. My spouse and I are very conflict avoidant and thus far have used passive comments like "any progress with the job search?" Or "have you applied for housing assistance yet?" They have responded a few times acknowledging that we probably want to go back to our normal and stating they are working on it... but there is no evidence. My friend and her husband tend to be reactionary and have cut many of their family members off because they make comments about how the couple makes decisions about their money/kids so I want to handle this as sensitively as possible.

I do not want to ruin the relationship. She is a very good friend and we have been friends since we were children. I just don't want to live with her. I would be very happy if they moved out and came over for dinner once a week or we babysat the kids one weekend a month, that sort of thing. How do I get out of this situation and keep my friend?