I (M30) accidentally read my girlfriend’s (F32) texts and found out she may break up with me.
This is really hard for me to write. I’m sorry if it comes out poorly.
Today I misplaced my  phone in our apartment(we love with each other), so I grabbed my girlfriend’s phone (she was in the shower) to call mine and possibly hear it ringing. I opened it up, and her texts were already open, so I just searched for my name cause then I could quickly call my phone by going to our text conversation. This ended up highlighting my name throughout all of her text conversations with other people, and without thinking I saw one from a few days back that said “when are you gonna break up with John?” ( made my name up). I really couldn’t help myself from there. I pulled up the convo, and saw she and her coworker were talking about some guy my girlfriend knew. My girlfriend had screenshotted an Instagram convo between her and this guy. Their convo was simple. They were going back forth on pasta puns because my girlfriend had posted a photo of pasta. My girlfriend then mentioned to her coworker something about her heart fluttering when opening the conversation. Her coworker asked where the dude lives, and my girlfriend said the state which is pretty far away. Then she said something like “I stopped there and will hold off until I talk To John cause that isn’t fair to him”. I pretty much fell into shock and didn’t know what to do besides walk around our apartment aimlessly panicking. I caved again and looked at her convos again. She had texted another friend saying “I’m thinking about breaking things off with John”. I stopped reading and looked for other conversations. There was another to a friend about an argument we had. I finally gave up and put her phone down. I’m still so stunned. We had plans to go to a Christmas Eve party tonight, and I couldn’t gather cohesive thoughts to really do anything, so I decided to just get ready and live my best life as hard as possible until I had time to really think about it. I started drinking and rode the buzz all the way until now. It was a fun nigh, but it was really hard. All my friends mentioned how awesome she is. I mentioned a few long term things throughout the night to see how she would respond (ie travel somewhere this summer, something about her birthday in march, etc) but she responded normally - as if she didn’t expect anything in our near future to change. Tomorrow morning we are supposed to go to her parent’s for the day for the holiday. Trying to decide if I try to make it through that before somehow addressing it. I don’t know what to do overall. Guessing she is waiting until after the holidays to break it off. I’ve had a really odd few months, and haven’t felt like myself, so part of me thinks I can get my act together and change her mind. But I know how naive that is. I also know I can’t trust her now because she has been hiding this. I don’t know what to do about this or when to do it. Confronting her means admitting to reading her texts. And bringing it up tomorrow means ruining the whole holiday and spending it figuring out where to live and all the stuff that would come with breaking up. I never saw this coming.
Any help is appreciated. Happy holidays.

UPDATE:
A lot of you have reached out to me, which I very much appreciate. Thank you. 
To those that  are asking if I actually purposefully read her texts: it was a genuine accident, and I was truthfully trying to call and find my own phone. I have no reason to lie on here. Especially since I need advice on the actual situation, and not an inaccurate version of it . That said: I do admit that I read more once I saw “did you break up with John” and “I’m thinking about breaking it off with John”. I ethically probably should have stopped there, but I just couldn’t help it. I was freaked out and emotional. But I would be lying if I said reading her texts was my original intention. 
Some of you want to know what ended up happening, and here it goes:
That night, I was woken up around 3AM from having a nightmare. Apparently I was breathing and kicking erratically. I came to, and I asked her “are you planning on breaking up with me?”, she responded: “what? Why are you asking me that?”, and then I told her about what happened. She told me that she had been struggling for a bit with our relationship, but things had gotten better. She said she had reached out to her friends for support, and at this time, was very hormonal (her words). She said the pasta conversation was her showing her friend that she missed silly conversations like that, and wished that her and I still had them . She mentioned a few other things, about how she has noticed that neither of us have been as happy since we moved in with each other. She was upset and felt a bit violated that I dug into her texts, even though what they said in the preview was so alarming. She said that we have had issues, but we are doing the work that most people don’t put into relationships.

Christmas was fine the next day. I actually okay about the whole situation. It still hurt to think about the things she said to her friends. 

Yesterday, I still felt bad. I had been looking through old photos, and found a video that a friend of hers sent it me. It was her smiling and crying, opening a package care package I had sent her before we lived with each other. She was saying how much she loved me in so many ways. It inspired me,  So I spent the night making a book about what I love about her. I printed all the photos of us together and wrote captions that were both silly and serious. Some said things like “I love you because even when I come to bed at 4AM after working late, you are still happy to see me” and others were like “because you’re a bed hog”. She really appreciated it and smiled looking through it. I was tearing up the whole time. After she was finished reading it, she said there were some things she wanted to talk about since she had had time to process our late night talk. She told me again that we are doing the hard work that most people don’t do in relationships. And she told me she is at a point in her life where she doesn’t know what she wants. And she needs to time figure that out. She said she unfortunately didn’t believe me that my original intention wasn’t to read her texts. I’m having trouble dealing with this because it wasn’t. She mentioned that she still loves me, but she is just not sure what is going to happen with us. We are still together, and are still living with each other. We just have ti “put in the work” and see how it goes. But This really broke me. I don’t want my relationship to be “maybe”. And I am so upset that this whole thing had happened, when all I was doing was trying to find my phone. I know I brought it on myself by reading into her texts. She said she would have eventually confronted me about what she was telling her friends. 
It’s been a really hard few days. Because I want to be with her. But I’m really hurt that she doesn’t believe me, and I’m hurt that our relationship is now in a “maybe” status. I’m doing everything I can to be a better boyfriend and person. But it’s hard knowing that I still may fall short. Although I am trying as hard as I can, I’m starting to wonder if I want to be with her after she has put us in a “maybe” status, and if I want to be with her despite her not believing me. It’s just hard for me to believe in someone who doesn’t believe in me. And I lost a lot of trust when I saw that Instagram screenshot. And I also wonder if I am better off breaking up with her before she breaks up with me. 

Right now I am doing everything I can just to be better in general: better about sleep, eating healthier, exercising more, etc. some of you have recommended she cutting her and almost negging her because it will cause her to be attracted to me. I would never try to hurt her. I’ve considered just leaving for a while and maybe it would help her “see what she’s missing”, but I’m also worried that will reflect poorly on me. As if I don’t care. 
If anyone has any advice on how to keep myself together, or what to do it would be very much appreciated.
Thanks

I have edited this a few times for typos.