My (39F) husband (45M) said to his brother that I deserved to be abused
I've been with my husband for 6 years. We have 2 beautiful girls (twins, 4), and been married 3 years. Our relationship is usually full of laughter and banter, but always full of love.

I tend to make jokes all the time. I can't bear to see my babies upset, so I tell them jokes to try and cheer them up, and it usually works, but it's become a bit of a habit, so now I just tell jokes all the time. Sorta like Chandler from friends.

So last week, my brother in law and his wife pop round to drop off Christmas presents for the girls, and some coffee. And as usual, we're laughing and joking. And I tell a bad joke, as usual. And my husband just sorta taps my knee, saying "oh stop it, you", in a lighthearted way, which I don't have a problem with. But when his brother shouted "Abuse!" (Also in a joking way), my husband said "Oh, I think anyone who lives with her would think she deserved to be abused!"

Now, that may have been said as a joke (yeah, in really bad taste), but my husband knows about my past.

I was in an abusive relationship for 11 years. My entire 20's was spent feeling trapped by the man who used to get drunk and beat me, sober up and belittle me, and go out and insult me in front of our friends and family. It took me so long to finally get the courage to pack my bags and leave him, and never see him again. A few years later I met my husband, and the rest, as they say, is history.

After he said what he said, he realised what he said, and apologised for it, but I was so shocked he would say something like that, especially in front of his brother, who just laughed and carried on drinking beer with my husband.

I've been really upset about it, and my husband knows this, but isn't acknowledging it anymore. He's just saying I'm overreacting. Maybe I am, but I spent 11 years being abused, and for my husband to make a joke that I deserve to be abused, it just really hurt, and I'm not sure what to do.

I've cried myself to sleep every night since, and I thought I'd be able to get over it, but it's been almost a week and I just can't seem to let go. What do I do?