I (27F) recently stumbled upon sexual &amp; compromising photos of young women from 18-26 on my bf's (37M) phone. Turns out he had a group of friends who shared nudes of the women they were talking to.
Edit. 

My bf is 39 and not 37.

&amp;#x200B;

Apologies for the long title. I needed it to bear all the info.

A week ago was my birthday, I was turning 27 and I was super excited (3 is my lucky number so when my age is a multiple of 3 I get excited, it's a thing I have always had since when I was 6) Anyway, my boyfriend took me to a nice hotel, with good views and food. We have dated for 22 months and we have an open phone policy, he knows all my passwords and I know his and we send/take photos with each other's phones and also initiate payments and all.

The night of my birthday I took his phone to send myself some photos he had taken of me, to post on Instagram. We were somehow wasted. I took the phone and his gallery was opened and he has it arranged descending in that the older photos show first and you have to scroll down to the latest. He refuses to change and I respect it. As I scroll I noted a row of girls who seemed naked from the thumbnail view. He was right next to me watching the hotel TV, I decided to open it. It was like 10+ photos of like 3 girls in naked selfies, boobs out, and other sexual angles. One looked particular young. I could feel myself sober up. I checked the dates and some were as late as December 2019.

I approached him and said, "hey babe, I was looking for the earlier photos but I have stumbled on these photos, who are these girls and why do you have photos of them naked?" At first he downplayed it and then when he saw it was not working he told me everything. Apparently he and one or two of his friends had a group where they would get girls from Reddit groups, chat them up and sleep with them and then discuss the sexting/sexual experience they had with them. The younger they were the better it was. My next reaction was, let me see these chats. And yup the conversation were super vulgar, in one, they talked about a 23 year old who had a 5 month old baby as the R word. And the other one, how if you zoomed in on the18 year old she looked like "a little girl"

I feel disgusted, we came back home and I asked for some space. I know I am not overreacting.

But what do I do? What if some of these girls are minors? How do I prove it. He says he changed and has not spoken to those friends for 20+ months.

What do I do?

Tldr;

I (27F) recently stumbled upon sexual &amp; compromising photos of young women from 18-26 on my bf's (37M) phone. Turns out he had a group of friends who shared nudes of the women they were talking to.