Girlfriend made fun of my sudden E. D. with another man and he messaged me laughing...
Yeah. Pretty shitty I think. I really don't know what to think anymore. My ex wife cheated on me since I worked too much and we had a divorce. I went through my depression and this deep dark hole. Met this girl online and she made me smile again. I had an accident during work that involved a dog attack and... Well my male area. She knew this and helped me through this during intimate times. Slowly the ED didn't happen as much and it made me happier (God knows I'm sorry how she felt. Spent many nights explaining it wasn't her and it was due to the attack. Doctor even reassured her after she brought it up during the appt unexpectedly). Last week I get a message from a guy in this game we play. He proceeds to troll me with very personal details no one else knew concerning my male area. I felt shocked, humiliated, embarrassed, and about the size of a grain of salt. I instantly defended myself because I knew where it came from and I just felt like no one else is defending me. I felt alone and in a corner. I told her what happened and instantly it was confirmed on where this info came from... I already knew but it hurts more when it's confirmed I guess...Well instead of apologizing I am again attacked for defending myself to this guy and was told I shouldn't have caused such a scene about it with him. Although it was just in private message between him and I...


Idk how to feel honestly. I feel alone in this and apparently more people found out whether it was him or her. Should I feel bad for defending myself? I usually would be more "manly" about all this but I've been hit was so much "hits" over and over again that I'm just worn out and tired. I'm just tired of feeling..... Idk. Just feel like going back to sleep and living in my dreams because that seems to be the only escape..



Update: I appreciate all the words whether they were good or bad. This morning I went ahead, packed up my stuff, and left suddenly. I gave her a brief explanation but basically that I want better and deserve better than this shit. Although she changed the password of my main email (? Not sure why). She has called me a dozen times but I'm going to let it simmer or may just not call her back. I am thinking I did all of this the right way so far but the main concern is that I feel sorta better. 

But to those who asked: 

1.) Yes my male parts all work
2.) It really did happen. I was replacing a broke water line at night and an owner's dog lunged for me out of a group of 3 of us.
3.) She is a cunt.
4.) I set up counseling through my work insurance. Would be nice to have someone to talk to. I felt better after relieving all this on Reddit.
5.) The guy who messaged me is married and actually lives in the same state. Part of me wants to find his wife and let her know this situation but then again I don't know.