wife's affair has destroyed me
63 (M) married to 52 (F). We are both on our second marriages and have one 13 year old daughter. She's the light of my life. My wife cheated at the beginning of our relationship, 20 years ago, that I attributed to monkey branching and forgave her for.

3 months ago I became suspicious due to a myriad of small things. I could not shake the idea that she was stepping out, so I put a GPS tracker on her car.

The first confrontation was full of lies and deceit, as is normally the case. I knew at that point that she was cheating, but admitted to myself that her excuse could be plausible, and let's face it, I didn't want it to be true.  Another week went by, with two more visits to her AP, one overnight. She had used "sleeping at a friend's house" as an excuse.

In the final confrontation she admitted to it. She has only admitted to an emotional affair, which of course, is difficult to believe. She claims the affair was 3 months long.

I am stage 4 with prostate cancer and the drugs I take have rendered me impotent. Between this and my wife's affair, I am literally, and figuratively, emasculated.

I have always considered her to be my soul mate, so the betrayal hit me very hard.

We went to counselling and my wife has said most of the things you would hope for. She claims she has cut off communication with her AP.

However, she has never offered transparency and continues to refuse me access to her phone. This issue was really the breaking point. I needed her to make me the priority, and she is maintaining privacy as the most important thing in her life, not me, not our marriage.

I don't want a divorce; we would have to sell the house and this would impact our daughter too much.

We can live together amicably enough, but my love for her is dying. I want to stay with her and have already forgiven her her sins, but this continuing deceit is  killing off the remnants of our marriage.

Please, any advice would be much appreciated. Thanks for reading.