Boyfriend's(m23) "prank" injured me(f22) and I can't go to work/school
A lot of my classes were online last year, but as of this semester, I was going in person. I've known my boyfriend (Evan) going back a few years, enough to be comfortable with cracking jokes and a humorous relationship. Our parents were friends too, but we started dating in college. A couple of weeks ago, we had our first time, but the reason I'm writing this is because of what happened on our second

A couple of days ago, he asked if I could do the splits after getting undressed because he knew that I used to dance, but when I told him that it's been a few years since I've actively stretched, he said it was fine. However, after I tried and was quite far from touching the ground, he jokingly came over and tried to encourage me while pushing down on my back leg even after I told him to stop numerous times

The only reason he stopped was because I screamed after he had pushed too far, and I couldn't even stand up on my own without it burning. When I told him to call an ambulance, he said I was "overreacting" and that "I should know how he likes to joke around" because "I do it too", but never past the point of someone telling me to stop or something that could hurt someone. He literally wanted me to lay on the ground "until it passed" so that we could continue, but as it kept hurting and he finally called an ambulance, he did it with an attitude and was pissed when they came too

I'm not here to ask whether I should break up with him or not. This was our second time and the first (and last) red flag in bed. He's pranked me in the past in some rather fun ways, but this was the first that he's ignored me saying stop, and I don't even consider it to be a prank at all despite how he keeps referring to it as that. I couldn't even put my pants on before the ambulance came and was embarrassed the whole time under a blanket while he sat there pissed. When I got to the hospital, they told me that I had torn muscle tissue that would require surgery to repair, and as a result, I'm going to have to miss work for an extended time to let it rest before eventual rehab. I have a full-time job and about a week of PTO, but because I'll be gone longer, I'll be taking an LOA and won't be able to go on a vacation that's already paid for (although I'm hoping to get a refund but not sure if I can). My question is this. My parents don't want to help me press charges because they are friends with Evan's parents. I hate it, but that's their choice. I still want to press because he's also started talking shit about me online and how I "overreacted" to his "prank" after friends found out about my injury, but my parents don't want me to and said I don't have a case anyway. I don't think that's true, but I want to ask. Do I have grounds to sue him, and how should I manage the friends that he's trying to win over to his side when I can't go see them freely like he can? 

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: A couple of weeks ago, I had my first time with my boyfriend. A few days ago, we were supposed to have our second until he asked me to do the splits after remembering I was a dancer, but when I couldn't touch the ground because it's been a few years, he "jokingly" pushed my back leg down despite telling him to stop, and he ended up tearing it and making me unable to work for an extended time