My(27M) fiancée(26F) called my life 'pitiful' for not having best man
I have a fiancée and we're planning to get married next year. As all couples before marriage would do, we shared our life experiences and such multiple times.

We were watching a realistic marriage movie one day, and discussing our marriage plan. I told her before that due to how I had to move around countries quite often, not to mention some military enrollment experience in my life, I don't really have any close friends right now. And probably no best man as my friend.

And we came to the topic of the wedding day, she said 'what a pitiful life you have for not having a close friend'. I was seriously dumbstruck as that was kinda my complex. Though she and I both enjoy spending most of the time just the two of us, she would occasionally mention that it's sad I don't have close friends.

I was hurt for sure when I heard that. And only after me saying it's... painful to hear that from my fiancée, she said it was a joke.

I don't know if I should just brush it off or have a deep conversation about it with her. She's been insensitive on certain topics from time to time. I can laugh at most of them, but sometimes it seriously hurts a lot.


#Update
Thanks for all the kind comments. I was discussing with my fiancée for 5~6hrs, and I also explained how my situation made it really difficult to make close friends. The frequent moving, getting out from the military after an incident, the new job, etc. Also, I have both male and female friends, yes, but no close enough friends to be the best man. Let me just make myself clear on that part.

She was saying sorry about what she said over and over again, maybe because I was telling her how I truly felt about her 'jokes' that happens ever so often. I do feel like she feels sorry about what happened and hopefully, with more effort and time, we can continue our relationship even stronger.

P.S Something more to add though. She's almost always sweet but gets somewhat disheartened when I talked with my female friends before. She told me she was getting somewhat jealous. So I lessened the contact with my female friends, for us to get together more/be content and she did the same with her male friends too.