Visited my [30m] girlfriends [30f] mom she told me her ex’s were guys filled to the brim with testosterone and that I am not someone she would expect me to be with
My girlfriend and I have been dating since January of 2021. We both are young professionals that live in the city. We met off a dating app and have been going out since.

My girlfriend invited me to Thanksgiving at her mom's place (her parents are divorced). When I went to meet her mom she was nice to me told me that I am the first guy beside her highschool bf that she brought home. Which makes sense, my girlfriend told me that she hasn't seriously dated anyone for a long time.

FWIW while I was the house, I helped her mom put together some furniture she brought from Facebook Market Place. The situation at hand has been more so that when we were having Thanksgiving Dinner. Her mom said it was sweet having a man in the house, and she said that she is surprised that her daughter went for a guy like me. That her daughter usually goes for guys filled to the brim with testosterone and guys into sports.

I didn't think much of it till we were on the ride home. Here's where we are at, my girlfriend and I have a great platonic relationship, but when it comes to sex I wish there was more. Initially it came down to frequency, where my girlfriend told me she didn't like having sex multiple times in a row, and she would say she was tired after work. I wanted to be a good bf so I never pushed or pressured her for more. But then later on, she told me that she really hates blow jobs, and even before then she wouldn't do it for long. Again never pushed her for it after she told me that.

But now really, I am having second doubts, because when my girlfriend has described to me her past situationships she has basically told me they always all revolved around sex. I am really starting to wonder, if my girlfriend even really likes me like that. Like I love her I find her sexy, but now I am wondering if I am even my girlfriend's type. It honestly makes a lot of sense. And also too, my girlfriend has been the one pushing for more and more commitment (talking about living together)/(meeting her family) without really seeming that into me?

I don't know what to do in this situation. When I talk to my girlfriend her response, is babe I find you the sexiest guy in the world. But none of her actions show it. I am starting to wonder if I am just her backup guy because she is worried about being single? What to do next?

**TL;DR - girlfriend's mom said I am not like any of the other guys her daughter has dated. I am wondering if my girlfriend is settling for me .**