Went clubbing alone and it changed me!
I was scrolling through Reddit and saw all these solo clubbing posts. And I thought to myself that i should try this. Because I am currently working on making myself a better person.

My friends didn't want to follow me to the club because we were out clubbing the day before. So i had a pregame with those friends on discord which was fine because they kept me company. They thought i was kind of retarded for going out solo. But i knew they wouldn't have the balls to actually go out them self so they used their insecurity to both encourage me and somewhat bully me. But i did not let that bother me.

I had asked my parents about what they think about my decision. They just thought i was weird because i'm not really a social guy to start of with and that i wouldn't have fun without my friends. I asked them if they had went solo clubbing before but they hadn't done it because they thought it would be boring. They did not really encourage me to go out alone because they thought it was going to get boring.

The time had come and i was kinda drunk but it doesn't really matter for me because i still have the same courage with or without alcohol but i think dancing is more fun drunk. I went with the mindset that i would talk to strangers or just random people. I arrived to the club and the first thing i did was to talk to the people in the end of the line just because i did not want to be alone in the queue which looks weird if you just stand alone in the queue. I talked to three guys in the queue and after a while we were allowed into the club. We talked for like 2-3 hours before i went to the dance floor.

On the dance floor was a weird feeling because i am used to dancing with my friends but i had no where to go except to random people. I started to dance with all kind of people both girls and guys. I remember that i was getting eye contact from a lot of girls but i still felt rejected somewhat. Like they gave me a disgusted look but still maintained eye contact for couple of seconds. But i found this one girl that i danced with and she grinded on me and we danced with each other and was kind of eye fucking each other. But i did not have the balls to go for the kiss. We danced for a while and then this douche just stole her from me but i get that. She probably saw me as a non confident guy because i didn't go for the kiss. I got the girl, her friend and that douche of the dance floor to drink some water but i was somewhat gone at that moment because i didn't know what to do. I wanted to talk to them but my mind was just blank at that moment. But after that i told them to continue dancing which we did.

I felt that i had lost the girl after awhile of dancing because she was with this douche. So i went to dance with other people again and getting eye contact from a lot of girls but i still felt rejected. So after awhile i left. The time was 2.30 am and the club closed 3.00 am. But i felt so accomplished that i went out by myself and proved that i can do anything i want without anyone telling me that i cannot. As of right now i feel like not giving a fuck what the girls think of me and just talk to them and maybe someday get a girl into bed. (no i am not a virgin :)) It gave me a huge confidence boost which makes me feel like i want to talk to all of the girls at the club next time i go there. Even though not really much happen on that day it still gave me the accomplishment.

Thanks to this subreddit it gave me the power to go to the club alone and felt accomplished. I want to go the club alone in the future. Next time i will talk to all the girls that i have the courage to talk to and i will update you guys once again on my progress to becoming a womanizer.