I feel really alone right now and I need support
I am broken down in tears and I can’t stop breathing heavily, I just need to get this out so I can attempt to feel better. I’m sorry for the errors in my writing, I’m just crying right now like an idiot.

I was just spending time and my bf who I m in a long distance relationship with, we became offical recently after knowing eachother online for a while. we were gonna call eachother before we slept, like any night

It was getting quite late and my best friend of about over 15 years has been struggling so much with dissociate identity disorder and trauma really wanted to call all of a sudden, and I kind of dreaded it because what she says is something honestly a trained professional should handle. But I just got really worried for her and so I accepted the call. I don’t accept calls this late but in the day or early evening when she needs someone to talk to. 


I had to listen to a lot of things that was gut wrenching it was a lot to handle. And I’ve been telling my bf that this has been bothering me in the past, but I never made a huge issue out of it, I tell him that I see her as family and that Im always there to help but I do get emotionally drained from it, I bounce back quickly though.

After telling him I was calling her, my boyfriend got furious, he acted so cold and was asking why I was taking this shit from her. He acted more cold over messages when I asked for his support and not to have any anger because my best friend on the call with me was furious with what happened to her. I know I need to now set boundaries. 

I sent a voice message to my boyfriend and apologised to him for making him angry, I was really emotional and I was crying trying to get the words out. I thought he went to sleep so I didn’t call as he needed to work.

He wasn’t asleep, he read my messages and heard my voice message to him, and he was wondering why I was crying and that I shouldn’t take this shit, he didn’t want to hear this before sleeping. I asked him to call me but he didn’t want to.

I begged for him before sleeping. I asked for a minute then Id let him sleep. Not to talk about this bad things, he relented and let me call him, I got lectured really harshly for about 30 minutes while he was saying this was ruining his night. I just wanted to hear his voice and tell him how much I love him before we slept, I didn’t even mention my best friend. He did. 

The things he was saying to me;

“Why do you take this shit”

“Grow a pair of balls”

“Crying isn’t gonna make this go smoothly and make me talk sweet to you”

“It’s always negativity and depression what the fuck is this” I have depression but I keep this away from him and work on it in my own way, however he is aware that I suffer from this 

“It’s ruining my sleep”

“It’s always an issue before I sleep”

“I can’t hold your hand like your a little kid, act like a grown woman” 


These are some of the words he told me tonight, I just feel horrible now for trying to support my friend and at the same time I feel bad for for bringing up something negative that’s been bothering me for a while and making him angry when we were having a good day. I know I need to set boundaries but I wanted a bit of support. I just feel so alone.


thank you to whoever reads this