How do I check in with someone who's not responded for a few days?
Hi! I'm neurodivergent and also have a lot of. Social anxiety, so as you'd expect I haven't the most sprawling of social lives. With practice and masking, I'm very good at engaging with people, building connections and having conversations, but I struggle to sustain them and let them unfold into close friendships unless I feel really emotionally safe in them.

Recently, I've made some new friends that really mean a lot to me. As a result, I've made a concerted effort to maintain touch, including texting regularly (I really struggle with this and often forget to respond for ages, so I've really made this effort), scheduling meet-ups every now and then, being honest about my brain and how it works (they've been so amazing about it), taking an interest in what they're up to/how they're doing, etc. It has been a while since I've had the chance to connect with anyone like this, and I really appreciate it, and I also feel really appreciated. 

So the issue: I got along like hand in glove with one of them and made a wonderful connection. We have very similar energy, very similar ways of thinking and so we can make a conversation out of anything. We've been speaking a lot over the last month, and text everyday. It has been a wonderful addition to my life, and I'm glad I made the effort for it. However, I've not heard back from them for a week or so. They didn't mention anything particular, but I do know of course that it's the holidays and perhaps they're busy. I did wish them on Christmas, but also got no response. I'm feeling anxious as to whether I've done something wrong, or if they're going though something. I would like to check in, but I also don't want to be intrusive and respect their boundaries. I get along really well with them, but it's still not been a very long time since we met and I'm aware that as a neurodivergent person sometimes I can get attached very quickly, and it may not be the same for the other person. I'm uncertain about what to do! Should I wait for them to respond, or should I check in, or something else?