Anyone ever notice people just make a lot of assumptions about you when you're the quiet one?
I guess it's natural for your brains to fill in the blanks on things or compartmentalize in a certain way to understand things you don't know a lot about. But I hate feeling like the way I'm perceived can never be who I actually am and people just make a ton of assumptions about who I am.



At work I'm often just socially anxious, it's a fairly new job and it's retail (dispensary, so it's cooler but still high volume retail). I like what I do, but there's so many people, both coworkers and customers, and they're all so "cool" that I get nervous and typically stay quiet. That's my personality anyway but I think it can be amplified with people I work with since it feels like an idk social challenge.





They've said things like I'm too innocent, I'm sheltered, I wouldn't listen to rap music, I'm religious or Christian (??), even had people say I must come from a perfect white-picket-fence family. I have no idea how they get this, none of that is true. Literally. We work at a dispensary ffs I don't think any of us are probably offended by swearing. But people make running jokes that I'm the innocent one. I guess people see a vanilla looking white dude who doesn't talk much and somehow think I'm a suburban Christian with the perfect nuclear family, none of which is true. Seems like a very weird jump to me too, I don't understand. A Pop Smoke song came on while someone was playing music and I said something about it and half my coworkers laughed saying there's no way *I* of all people could listen to that kind of music 
. I don't know what to to tell you, I do. My family is fucked up and poor, I was never some innocent sheltered kid, definitely not religious?? 





Anyone ever experience this? I recognize first and foremost it seems like I'm saying I'm stereotyped or mistreated for my appearance and as a white dude I'm the last person who should make that claim, but I don't mean it's real discrimination or something just an annoying social thing.



If someone is the quiet one i would never "fill in the blanks" based on random assumptions. I'd just think I don't know and maybe I never will but that's fine, I don't need an explanation really. Whether it's my own or a real one, I can just know less about that person and that's fine. Especially at work.