Maybe some forward movement on shame after sexual abuse - a realisation still in progress after my appointment
Last week we talked about my feelings of shame about the sexual abuse and my belief that I am all round a worthless person compared to everybody else, because I've always been different since I was a little kid, keeping secrets and hiding. It got pretty intense, at one point she looked at me and nodded and softly said "this is the core of everything isn't it? That you are worthless".  I found myself going from feeling relatively okay with talking and eye contact, to staring at the ground and disappearing into myself, not wanting to be seen. I was afraid to look at her because I thought if she looked into my eyes I'd know that SHE knew that I truly was the bad person I said I was. I keep feeling this fear that I've tricked her into thinking the abuse was worse than it was and she'll realise that, because she seems to think it was wrong but I'm here thinking it was my fault and really the other parties involved (the people who carried it all out) are the true victims, caught up in my trap and now being blamed for it. 

And logically I know that I'm talking about the "trap" of a five year old child, and later a drunk and very traumatised, isolated teenager. I know it doesn't make sense. I feel afraid that I've made a big deal about what happened and I've spoiled huge parts of my life, and my husband's life too, for nothing. I feel guilty. I've told her it was sexual abuse, and rape, and I feel like a fake and a fraud because it wasn't those things, it was all my fault. I feel embarrassed that we keep talking about these same things lately and she keeps saying all these nice, kind validating things to me that it wasn't my fault, that I deserve to go to therapy and take up her time, that what I went through was bad and a big deal. I'm scared eventually she'll think I'm just an attention seeker and that I'm not trying to move forward. I told her I just feel stuck. I don't know how to ever feel like an empowered, healed person because I feel it's impossible to feel anything other than guilty.

At one point she asked me to look into her eyes when I was ready and describe to her what I saw in her face. It took me a few minutes to be able to do it, and man, it was bloody excruciating when I finally did. She was steadfastly looking at me, her face and eyes were open and kind and not judgemental or disgusted, just caring and soft. I felt undeserving of her kindness. I told her it was lovely of her, and I felt less anxious after having done the exercise, but it felt like care and support I didn't deserve.

I told her about how the sexual abuse when I was a kid was all my fault, and she said it was okay to feel that way, that she didn't agree with me but she wasn't going to have an argument with me about it either - but that we'd keep working through it and eventually I will be able to believe what I know logically to be true, that it wasn't my fault. It took a lot of pressure off to have her say that, I've felt like to be a "good" survivor and not wallowing in self pity, I need to believe that it wasn't my fault because no victim of sexual abuse is ever to blame... but it feels so incongruous with my feelings that in my particular case though, I AM actually to blame. I've felt like I have to say all the right things in relation to myself, and keep my real feelings hidden because they are "wrong". She made it okay for me to say the things I feel about myself which would be an awful thing to say about another survivor.

Reflecting on it after the session, it was a strange feeling to tell her the reasons why it was my fault. In the past, I've listed off those things to myself with confidence and a feeling of conviction that I was right, but this time it felt almost fake, like I was reading from a script. I still can't believe that it WASN'T my fault, and I feel zero sense of compassion towards my younger self, but maybe this is the start of healing that shame. 

It's funny, I hated the eye contact exercise in session, I felt so uncomfortable, but after it I keep finding myself remembering her kind, open gaze and I feel less heavy and alone inside and I want to see that same kind gaze again. I've never had anybody really "see" me like that, the hurt and damage I try so hard to hide from the world. At the actual appointment and in the days after I felt like it made no difference other than being an incredibly awkward thing to do with her, but now, a week or so out, I keep thinking about it and I don't feel so resolute inside about my feelings of worthlessness and blame 

That unwavering coldness and disgust towards myself may be starting to break. I don't know what will replace it, it certainly isn't yet kindness or compassion, but it's something. Maybe just ambivalence, which seems better than outright blame and disgust. 

I often feel like I've achieved nothing in this past 18 months or so of therapy, but maybe that isn't completely true. Maybe I am slowly breaking all these defenses down.