My therapist talked poorly about me to my boyfriend, I’m confused
28f 

I’ve been seeing my therapist for three years. I really really trust her. I recommended everybody and I do my best to follow her advice. I listen to all the books she recommends, I read the articles she emails me. I try hard. I wanna be a good mom someday. Recently saw psychiatrist and got diagnosed with PTSD and am now taking Zoloft. I was reacting poorly to a lot and it was hurting my relationship a lot. On top of that my boyfriend (28m) is not very supportive, and emotional conversations make him uncomfortable. Communication was very poor, so we went to a few sessions together with my therapist per her suggestion. Unfortunately him and I have a lot invested in this relationship or I’d just leave without relationship counseling. 



First session we talked about using “I” statements. Helpful. Next session,My bf and I had gotten into a fight a couple days earlier so it was fresh.
My bf dominated the 45 mins of the in person session. He scared me when he hammered off a weird narrative that was completely out of order, exaggerated and left out anything he said or did. I was not allowed to interrupt. We ended the session with me being told that I have a lot more control then I realize and that I can essentially control my boyfriends reactions we discussed that day(like shutting down and not speaking to me for 8 days when we live together) by working on my delivery verbally when I express my feelings. My bf can be nasty and attacks my character in every fight, when I eventually get worked up and triggered I might respond with something mean and he fixates on that. He rages out a bit, stomping etc. In our third session I ask we talk about gaslighting. I shared my bf tells me I’m sensitive, crazy, making things up/a liar, Everything is my fault, his reactions are my fault etc. At the end of the conversation we talked about my delivery again and I was told that my boyfriend was not gaslighting me but simply disagreeing w me. 



Tonight my boyfriend and I got into an argument and he told me that my therapist and him talked on the phone on December 17. That day, him and I got into an argument and I left to go to the gym. he texted the therapist (she gave him Her card) that I basically left in a rage and he didn’t know where I was. she called him. Tonight, he told me that when they spoke, she told him that he’s a good man, a good boyfriend, every time she talks to me she feels like she gets through to me but then as soon as I walk out of the room it goes out the window. She told him he doesn’t do anything wrong and she doesn’t know how he puts up with it. 



I’m obviously going to break up with this person and have been wanting to for a while. I’m really upset with my therapist though. I adored her and I feel stabbed in the back. I one hundred percent believe my boyfriend is telling the truth, just simply based on my last conversation with my therapist. He told me that he asked her not to tell me that they spoke. I have no idea what to say to her on Monday at 2 o’clock. How would I bring this up? Is this even professional? Should I just cancel and never text her again? It was understood that she was not exactly a relationship counselor but she suggested we come in together, which I thought meant she wouldn’t have that type
Of convo with him? 

A few days later after their convo, my therapist and i had our last session she told me that I’ve always been a really good student, and that she cares about me a lot and feels like she really knows me. I’m pretty hurt and confused. What the heck do I say to her? How do I bring it up? I almost feel badly that she feels poorly but couldn’t tell me…


UPDATE
my bf texted my therapist a bunch of bullshit. 

This is the convo she copy and pasted to me 

My bf— **** started another huge fight last night and was acting hysterical and i made the mistake of telling her i called you that one night and what we spoke about and now she’s saying that i turned you against her and she can never trust her own therapist again now cause i manipulated you. I’m sorry i told her that it was a mistake but idk what to tell her now. She said everyone she’s ever talked to thinks i’m manipulative including you and that i treat her like shit and this and that. I have now asked her like 30 times to just leave me alone and she keeps coming back into the room and starting the argument back up and i’m at the point where i feel i need to leave my own house again to get out of the situation 

* to clarify, This is literally not happening. I’m using my fucking tufting gun making a rug in the living room
And went into the room once to tell him if he wants to watch football out here he’s welcomed to. 
 
My therapist— You did not manipulate me nor did you sway my feelings about her.

My BF- She seems to be obsessed with the fact that we’ve never talked about the things i’ve done wrong in these arguments and that she hasn’t said them to you to protect me and it’s why you’ve turned against her. I have definitely said and done mean things in these fights i’ve never denied it but i’m trying to explain to her that pretty much every fight we’ve been in starts with her losing her mind over some minor inconvenience and she just says it doesn’t matter what starts the fight and she’s not responsible for the way i act in these fights and that it’s not her fault 

My therapist- I have never turned against her in my thoughts or my words so I am unable to respond to these texts intelligently. I would suggest if you want to continue texting me that you copy her on what you send me.


He also sent me screenshots. I texted her that he is essentially lying about what is going on and I feel he is attempting to manipulate this situation. She said “I can’t do this, looking forward to seeing you tomorrow” 

Whattttt the fuck is my life right now lol I feel like my bf is losing his shit texting her the day after Christmas. Like the labor this woman is willing to put forth to talk to him …… for free….