I violated my therapist’s boundaries, again
I had a hard but good session with my therapist last week. We were talking about death and my anxiety around it, and I was really distressed. My T ended up sharing that she lost her mom when she was a teenager. She’s very careful about self-disclosure, and I felt very touched that she shared this with me. I felt very held in the virtual space with her, and like we were going through something together. 

Later though, I couldn’t stop thinking about it. Sometimes my brain will fixate on things and have a singular goal. I went online and found her mom’s obituary. I didn’t have to look for very long if I used the right search words. As soon as I found it, I was incredibly distraught. I was filled with shame, ripped from the space of connection I was still feeling with my T. Urges to self harm were extremely high, and I ended up purging even though I’d barely eaten anything that day. I was able to keep myself safe from SH, and spent time with my girlfriend which was really regulating. 

When I saw my T yesterday, I decided to tell her about finding her mom’s obituary. I thought because it affected me so much, it was something that I should process with her. My T had a visible reaction when I told her. She was shocked, and hurt, and felt very violated. I immediately had a total meltdown. I was nauseous, trying to discretely hit myself, and sobbing. I apologized over and over. We processed a little why I had searched it. T said that she didn’t mean this to be a threat, but because this is the second time I’ve violated her boundaries like this (I had looked her up on social media before, and found her old accounts and scrolled through them), if it continued to happen, that she ethically wouldn’t be able to work with me anymore. That sent me down another spiral. I’m so attached to her. I can’t lose her. 

She assumed that it wasn’t easy to find the obituary, but said she didn’t want to know when I started to say something. She said that she’s very careful with self-disclosure, and that this is not something she shares often. She thought that it would be beneficial to share to show me that you can suffer an immense loss and still survive it. But I got hyperfixated on it. I felt that she trusted me and I used that information to betray her and violate her boundaries. I broke her trust. I’m worried she’s not going to want to share things with me in the future, but I so appreciated that vulnerability. I think I’m struggling with the nature of the therapeutic relationship, too. Part of why I felt so awful yesterday was that I felt very guilty for having a breakdown, doing something to hurt her and then making her take care of me, even though logically I know that therapy is about me. But it’s so hard for me to resolve conflict without focusing on the other person. I always blame myself completely. 

T tried to safety plan with me at the end. I was not at all feeling safe. I wasn’t being cooperative, which I felt even worse about. I knew my reaction was just making it so much harder for her. If I could just deal with my emotions, not let people know what’s going on, then I wouldn’t be so much of a burden. I don’t want to be a problem for other people. I don’t want to be a difficult client. I want to be the best, the favorite, easy. At the end, T told me that she forgave me. She said that she needed to process this, but that she would be okay. She said that she understood why I did it even though she didn’t agree with it. Still, I feel so incredibly awful. The rest of yesterday was really hard. I didn’t end up cutting, which I guess was good. I had to finish some things up at work, so I didn’t go home immediately and have access to my tools. I took a benzo that I’m prescribed for times like this, called my girlfriend and my mom, watched a comfort TV show, took some melatonin and went to sleep early. I don’t know how I’m going to move past this though. I’m terrified of termination. I’m terrified of changing the therapeutic relationship. I don’t know how to work through these feelings of guilt and shame. I don’t know how this is going to feel better. I don’t see my T for another 2 weeks because of the holidays. I don’t know how I’m going to face her again. 

When I talked to my mom about this, I think she was trying to place some of the blame on my T, saying that she shouldn’t have shared this with me, that it’s her job to manage her boundaries, not mine (which I tend to try to do). But still, it feels like my T trusted me, and I violated her trust. Breaking her trust is absolutely crushing, and living with that feeling is so hard to do.