A Letter to my Younger Self
Dear younger me,

Right now I can imagine you holed up in your room, maybe screaming into your pillow, maybe silently crying. Or maybe this is the tenth fight this week and you’re just emotionally spent, so you’re reading some Lemony Snicket to get your mind off it.

Or maybe you’re sitting there, dumbfounded, wondering how you did another thing to make  mom mad. You’re wondering how you’re never good enough, no matter how many A’s you get, how many extra curriculars you’re involved in, how many church sessions you attend. Somehow, no amount of honors classes or friends or awards  is ever good enough for her. There’s always something you could be better at.

Baby girl I want you to know that you are truly, honestly amazing. You have the sweetest heart, you love your family and your friends. You would do anything for anybody. You try your best at everything you do. You are kind to strangers. You stand up for what is right and what you believe in. I am so proud of you. You are a good person.

Mom loves you so much, she loves you so much that sometimes she doesn’t know how else to express it than through yelling and crying because she sees you doing something she would do differently. She is scared you will make the same mistakes she has made and she’s trying to stop you from making them. Mom doesn’t know how to let go of you. I want you to know that there is nothing you did or could do to fix the way mom treats you. Mom has her own problems and unfortunately she didn’t grow up in a culture that taught her how to deal with them. She is doing the best she can with what she has to work with. You do not need to forgive her, you don’t even need to understand her. All you need to know is the way she is treating you is entirely about her and her childhood, and not about anything you have done.

I want you to know that it’s not okay that she calls you names. It’s not okay that dad doesn’t intervene. It’s not okay that she gets mad at you for things that are not possibly your fault. It’s not okay that she never apologizes when she is wrong. It’s not okay for her to put her hands on you. It’s not okay that you feel alone in a house full of people you love. It’s not okay for a mother to make her child desperate for her validation. None of it is okay.

One day you’re going to have friends that love you so much, that are so good to you, that are so motivating that they’ll make you love yourself again. Your last semester of college you’ll meet a boy who is so incredible you don’t understand why he loves you. He will love every part of you, he will love you through seasons when you don’t love you. He will push you to learn how to love yourself and he’ll love you enough to make you change the way you react to things because he sees the core goodness in you that you didn’t even know was there.

You’ll spend years going to therapy and working on how to change your reactions, to reframe your mind. It’s excruciating, heartbreaking work. But you’ll do it. And one day, though it will take a long time, you’ll have a moment when you realize how far you have come. How much work it took to get there, and you’ll be so proud of yourself that it makes you cry. Your husband, that same boy from college who taught you that you are worthy of love, will hug you and call himself your biggest fan. And you’ll be so excited to start a family with this man. To bring a life into the world, and give that baby all the love and all the affirmation they need. And someday that baby will say that they love you, and they’ll thank you for loving them.

Mom never meant to hurt you. She never meant to make you feel bad about yourself. She didn’t know how to love you because she didn’t know how to love herself. But you learned. And you just like you taught yourself, you will teach your babies too.

The circle can be broken. And I know you’ll break it.

You never needed anyone to love you. Because this girl, the one who is proud of herself for coming so far, and has worked so hard to get here has always been there. She was with you in your room crying and screaming, and now she gets to know that it’s all okay. You’re still here, but you’re better. And I love you.