What did I do wrong…?
I (f20) recently had Christmas Eve dinner with my family who I am semi close with. I no longer live at home but still in the area. During dinner my younger sister (f15) kept her earbuds in to listen to music, I found that to be quite rude but as I’m not a parent and was trying to keep the peace did not mention anything. It wasn’t until she had not contributed to the conversation at all and had pulled out her phone and been on it for awhile that I decided to turn to her and say “hey what’s up with the phone at the table? I feel kinda disrespected “  -mind you I am currently doing a lot of self work where I am working on my communication and boundary setting which is partly why i felt it so important to communicate and also why I’m open to feedback on improving- also no one else at the table has had their phone out once my family has made it clear to me in the past when I was a teenager that it is not a standard in our family and seen as disrespectful to everyone. 

My sister immediately gets guilty and then super defensive to which I say I’m not interested in an argument all I’m saying is that action is disrespectful and it would be nice to hear you contribute to the conversation. I do acknowledge in reflection that although the way I communicated with her was much better then it used to be it still requires work. 

The real reason I’m posting is the response my parents had specifically my father after my sister left the table. To sum up the 30 minute conversation he tried to tell me that there was never that standard for me when I was her age and that I alway try to paint them in this bad light and be all “poor me”. ( I can guarantee that that was the standard which was strictly enforced) and then said I had no right saying that I felt disrespected as that is a “me” issue. I countered that by saying it is an important role in healthy relationships and he replies with no that is your own issue and problem and you can’t expect people to meet your needs - coming up is what bothered me the most - he finishes that point by saying that it makes me seem like I’m trying to be better than everyone else. 

As this conversation continues and I notice that this conversation is going no where and he is going to find a loophole to invalidate what ever I say so I set a boundary saying that this conversation seems to be leading us nowhere and I will no longer like to participate in it although I would love to change conversations to something else. He ignores that continuing on with that conversation so I repeat saying that I would no longer participate in this conversation and if it continues I will leave. He mocks me by saying “oo wow acting like you’re better than everyone” and does the hail hitler sign so I get up and say that I can’t force him to respect my boundaries but I did communicate that I would leave if they weren’t respected so he calls after me well merry Christmas so I said it it back and left.


How do I set boundaries that work and me communicating me feelings and expectations isn’t me acting like I’m better than everyone right?