How do I part ways from my ex, without triggering his suicidal tendencies?
UPDATE: First of all, WOW THANK YOU EVERYONE!!! I was having a panic attack all day and night when I finally decided to come to Reddit with this bc I mentally could not take it anymore. I want you all to know reading every response really calmed me down and re-enforced my own strength. 

He called me this morning and I answered and talked to him calmly and firmly about my mental health and how his presence affects me. He did try some emotional manipulation tactics, but instead of panicking and spirally I calmly apologized that he feels the way he does, but I’m deciding for myself. He eventually said he understood and will leave me alone. I don’t know the validity of this statement but I am blocking him, and if he harasses me in person or over the phone I will be calling the police.

—————————

I’ve known him for 9 years. We were friends, then in a relationship, then we broke up and then we tried being friends again only to be exclusive fwb. 

Then I fell in love w someone else and did not tell him, I started seeing the other person and essentially cheated bc we had an agreement that even though we were not together we would be exclusive and let the other person know if we found someone else so we could stop the fwb.

I know what I did was wrong and extremely disgusting and disrespectful. He asked me to choose between him and the person I am in love with and I chose him. My ex has always had depression and through us trying to working through this, 2 months now, he’s threatened to kill himself if I ever leave him. We are not in a relationship, we are trying to build trust again.

Upon his request to be accountable for my actions I deleted most social media and put public on on platform that I cheated on him and I’m disgusting. When I say I feel guilty and I want to just fix his mental health I mean that, but with the way things are going I’m going to end up hurting myself.

When I express these feelings to him and beg him for mercy to just let us part ways, he gets mad and says that I’m a terrible person and it’s his responsibility to make sure I don’t get off easy for what I did and I turn into a good person no matter what.

I keep my location on for him have my read receipts on for him and upon his request I even told my mom what I did. He wants me to build into a better person and grow my life w him, but I can’t do anything except have panic attacks and cry.