I wish i was better at comforting people
The title kinda speaks for itself. Im not very good at comforting people. I wish i was. Having friends who are just (probably even more) as troubled as me makes it hard. I love my friends with all my heart and i could write an entire book about why i love them. I just wish i could do more for them you know. I think maybe 2 weeks ago i watched a good friend of mine break down, and luckily one of my other good friends was there to comfort them. It made me feel so upset that all i could do was stand and watch them cry. I want to be able to help them but honestly i don't even know how to help myself. When i watch my friends break down it's like my whole world is falling apart, literally. My friends mean everything to me. I'm honestly ashamed to be their friend because they deserve so much more. It sucks that i get help but i can't do anything back. When my friends are venting i never know what to say. I try to make jokes to lighten to the mood but it makes me feel like a dick if im being honest. Emotions are also kind of a lot for me. If i see someone sad or upset i might start crying. That's not the real reason im not good at comforting people though. Maybe it's just because I've gone most of my life with no physical therapy or comfort up until i met my friends. Before highschool, most of my friends were people who didn't really experience the things that i did. (But that doesn't mean they didn't struggle with other things and i don't wanna make it seem like they are mentally perfect when a lot of us aren't) i just felt like i was too much for them. Im also not a very physical person. Hugging and other stuff like that is hard for me. I never know if i should hug them or give them a pat on the back. It's also hard saying "i love you". That is something i struggle with very badly. I feel so akward and pathetic when i say that, but i try. I want my friends to know how much i truly love them so i make sure to say it. Obviously no amout of words could explain how much i deeply care for them. I can't even remember the last time i sincerely  said "i love you" to my mom or sister. It's had to have been years, as ashamed as i am to say.