Is my Therapist being weird?
I am a 24 year old female and he is a mid thirties male. 

So he’s a Christian therapist, which i needed because i was raised in a church that was basically a cult, and i needed someone to help me accept that they were wrong about a lot of things and feel better about the religious trauma I’ve been through. I am still religious. But whenever i express my doubts that i still have about god etc. he says “if you can’t believe in god, just believe me.” Or something like that. Which sounds like what the cult leader used to say tbh, and i barely know him. He’s a therapist but still, how can i trust a stranger that much if i can’t trust a god?
I then talked about a long term female friend i was in love with for years, which was torture because of my deep rooted religious beliefs. I never wanted to have sex with her, i just loved her. And he asked if i ever had sex with her, and said it was good i didn’t because if i had, the effects would be permanent and i would be a lesbian if not bisexual forever. (I consider myself Asexual or Demisexual) and that men cannot love without sex, that romance without sex is only something women can feel.
He tells me that i just need a good Christian man to set me straight, to make friends with real Christians to get back on the right path, which i agree might be helpful, though i cannot imagine a “good Christian man” would ever go for me. I don’t believe hard enough and am really fucked up right now but maybe someday if i get better. Idk. But notably, he has mentioned several times that i am attractive and that he is single and that he used to be a sex addict. never in the same sentence but he has said both things on several occasions over the course of our 40 or so sessions. And he compliments my appearance even while knowing i am extremely insecure about it and hate when people reference my physical existence. Maybe he is trying to ease me out of that, but we haven’t really talked about that as a goal yet. 
I am also terrified to be alone with men, and even sometimes women who are stronger than me. i have never been sexually assaulted but almost every woman i know has. and i have never dated or had sex because i am terrified of the idea and don’t think i could ever trust someone like that unless i was married to them. no matter how nice to me a guy is, no matter how much i like them back, i eventually become paranoid that they are going to assault me and i get too scared of them and stop hanging out with them. I’ve been sexually harassed manny times , especially when i was in the army, but never assaulted. I have nightmares about it constantly. My therapist curses the men who have mistreated me in the past and has said that all men are dushebags and that i need a nice guy to treat me right. 
We talk about a whole lot of other stuff like nihilism, family and anxiety etc. but I’m starting to get paranoid because like, does he think he’s the titular nice guy for me?

Is my therapist a neck beard? Or am i just projecting my previous trauma and paranoia onto him?