I got my family member raped
I can’t help but feel responsible for what happened to my family member. I feel like it wouldn’t be right to not be mad at myself. I’m having a really difficult time today and need to write down my thoughts. But first let me tell the story…

A long time  ago me and a family member (call her Amy) and I went over to a friends house (call him Fred) to go out to the bar and have some fun. I talked to Fred beforehand and asked if we could spend the night because We planned on drinking pretty heavily. We wanted to have fun. I wish we knew ways to have fun back then without drugs or drinking but that’s besides the point. It was our first time hanging out!! It was exciting! We kinda knew we were planning to over indulge a little…. A lot. Irresponsible I know, Amy and I were 22-23 at the time. Anyways, he said YEAH! No problem.” So I told Amy that we had somewhere to sleep in case we have too much to drink. Now on to PARTY!

So we go out I’m buying everyone drinks Fred wasn’t drinking cuz he drove us there and back but I got Amy and I drinks cuz I had a pretty good job at the time. I was happy to pay. Amy is the coolest person I’ve ever hung out with. But Amy and I drank way too much to where when last call was made. We’re making jokes saying “who’s calling!?!?” Amy and I somehow were able to coordinate our way back to FREDs car. it’s time to go back to Freds parents place and crash. Everything was fine. Fred didn’t say anything about there being a problem with us spending the night. We were laying on the couch and both fell asleep. Out of nowhere Fred runs into the living room and says very frantically he just received a call from his parents and they’re coming home early!!!! he’ll be in trouble if we’re here when they get home! I don’t want Fred to get in trouble so I start calling a cab and getting our things together but I couldn’t get Amy up! I tried and tried and tried but I couldn’t get her up. I didn’t think about carrying her. I’ve got stuff in my hands and how would that look to the cab driver I’m still very drunk. But I should have known I have a higher alcohol tolerance than Amy. The friend is very pushy for me to leave and he starts pushing me out the door saying don’t worry about it she’ll be alright. I’ll just tell my parents some story about how I met her and she couldn’t get up they’ll understand. So I left thinking Amy was safe. 

When Amy got back to my place the next morning we talKed about how fucked up it was that he kicked me out like that. I asked if his parents were there when she got up and she looked at me confused and said, “No?”I told her what happened and she just said “huh that’s weird….” I asked frantically, “Did he do anything to you?” She looked right at me and was like “NO WAY!” Laughing. I laughed too she had me fooled. She did it so well. Even after pressing her she would always laugh it off and told me I need to stop asking. So I did. I mean I was with her the whole night I’m positive he wasn’t able to skip something in her drink and I couldn’t possibly accuse someone of rape without Amy saying she was….

8 years later we were at home and somehow that topic came up. So I pressed her one last final time. She begins to cry hysterically and tells me she was raped. She barley wakes up in a stupor with with him raping her. In a drunken stupor and unable to fight back. 
I feel like this is all my fault. Even worse is the guy is successful now. When I called him out on it over text he said he doesn’t remember and the only reason we would remember is cuz it only impacted us. Why am I so stupid? Why did god make me so fucking stupid. I should have seen this coming from a mile away. But I cared more about being DRUNK! Getting Amy drunk! It was MY RESPONSIBILITY TO KEEP HER SAFE THAT NIGHT. I thought she was safe. So sailfish and so stupid. 

I don’t know anyone personally here on Reddit so I’ll just go ahead and say the family member is my wife. I love her more than anything. I don’t care about her past or anything. All I care about is her and giving her as much love and care as she needs. And more than ANYONE has ever given her. I love her. She doesn’t hate me. Why do I hate myself for this when she doesn’t… I hope I can forgive myself

If there is anything anyone can say to me to help me, help us. We have cried for hours/days in each others arms. She says it’s not my fault it’s just the doing of someone extremely evil. I think she hid it from me because she knew I would blame myself. Anyone that has read this and/or reply I thank you with all my heart in advance. 

I hope this message can be a learning tool for a young one out there

Sincerely,
Muffin

Edit: I’ve made some edits to the story as I think about it but no major changes. Thank you for the reply’s. It helps seeing that I should forgive myself wether I think it’s my fault or not. Also thanks for not making fun of my writing I know it’s not very good.

Everyone here has just been so Fucking Kind I can’t explain it in words. Thank you to everyone that took time to make me feel better!