Therapist basically kicked me out… Is this normal?
I just had the strangest therapy session and am kind of in shock. Curious if anyone else can make sense of this or see why she’d react the way she did.

Background: this is the 3rd session I’ve had with her and had thought things were going ok.

So at the beginning of the session I told her about my weekend which was stressful because I spent most of it arguing with my mum about covid stuff. I was explaining to her how I find it tough because I’m constantly in the middle of people telling me different things and have been struggling with this and trying to figure out what’s real or not etc. and that it’s been a huge source of stress and tension in my relationships. She told me that one thing to always check is who is behind a study and that usually the pharmaceutical companies are behind it. I was a little put off by this remark, (this is the type of thing my mom would say because she is very anti-pharmaceuticals, anti-big pharma etc) and it felt like the counsellor was trying to subtly give me advice but this felt weird to me since I was already telling her I was very confused and it almost felt like she was trying to confuse me further by giving me her input. Anyway I asked her what was her intent by making this remark and she didn’t really answer it other than to just restate it again. Anyway I was a little confused but I let it go and figured maybe I’m not really understanding where she’s coming from and maybe it was a totally harmless piece of advice. 

So we continued with the session and she started to explain what her ideas were for how we could work together. She pulled out a whole bunch of worksheets and started speaking to them, I was listening but I suppose I must’ve had a bit of an apprehensive look on my face. She stopped speaking and asked me what was going on why did I look upset, I initially said “yeah I guess I’m having some apprehension but why don’t you finish explaining and I will give you feedback on what I think after”. She said no, she wanted to know why I was reacting that way and she started to say that I don’t seem like I’m present in the room which actually felt a bit judgemental to me because I was just having a reaction to something she was saying I wasn’t zoning out or not paying attention. Anyway I responded that I am present I’m just having a bit of apprehension around the worksheets. I explained to her that I feel like I have quite a few things going on in my life that I really just want to talk about and explore and I’m worried that just doing doing a worksheet on techniques to relieve anxiety etc. isn’t going to get to the root of it for me. I am not experiencing out of control anxiety just randomly, I am dealing with a lot of situations in my life that I need help coping with and talking about. So I tried to explain this to her and that this was my reservation around the worksheets but not that I’m against them altogether it was just my initial feeling. The worksheets just seemed very generic and I have very specific things going on in my life that I want to talk about. Anyway she seem to get quite defensive and started saying that it’s fine if I don’t want to work with her and that maybe I’m better off seeing someone that doesn’t use CBT and she basically stood up and said she won’t charge me for the session and just to go home and think about it. She didn’t ask if I wanted to finish the session early or offer that we could slow down on the work sheets or any other alternatives she basically just kept telling me that I didn’t seem like I wanted to be there/wasn’t being present and just basically told me the session was over. I felt very strange walking out, I felt like I had been very vulnerable in the beginning part of the session explaining my stress with my mom and I felt like I was being very open with her about my concern around the work sheets and had expected her to appreciate that feedback so that she could tailor our sessions a bit more to what I wanted/needed but instead it felt like she was almost mad at me for giving her feedback or felt like I can’t be there in session and less I’m perfectly happy with everything she saying or something. Anyway I was just wanted to see what anyone else thought of this and if this seems normal to you or not. Thanks.