Feeling empty and depressed WITHOUT reason
Hello,

I really wasn't sure who I should speak to about... stuff, so I just decided to have a go at this Reddit group.

I am a student who some people might label as being a bit of an 'overachiever', and I usually come off with highest scores in exams (mind, I am not trying to brag. Whoever might be reading this needs to know something along those lines in order to understand the rest of this post). I also have a very happy family life and I have several friends at school. Basically, to sum it up, I have nothing to be depressed about.

So why am I depressed? Because lately, I've been feeling very empty and meaningless, like a shell of a person. Specific incidents include that time when got our report cards a few days ago. I got As for everything except PE and Dance. But when I got the scores, I felt oddly empty (and I know I've been repeating that word a lot, but I cannot think of another word to describe this). I don't know, I just felt that we were going to die anyways, why try? Okay, maybe that's too much, but something along those lines.

**--- main section ---**

And the thing is, I *should be* *happy*. My parents love me, they support me, and my schoolmates are as equally nice. On top of that, the teachers actually (kind of) respect me! Then why, God why, should I feel depressed? I feel very guilty for feeling this way, when I have 'everything'... I literally have no reason to feel like this, and yet I do. It's just so frustrating. I just think that if I make a single mistake, people are going to stop liking me and that people only stay close to me/support me because I'm good at certain things. Also, I feel like I have to be perfect in order to be... myself. It's just getting so tiring, pretending I am so happy (and I really should be – so many people aren't as lucky as myself). Is something wrong with me? Cause I feel like it...

If you've stayed with the rant, thank you :)

It's probably just another one of those 'teenager' things, but I wanted to actually physically write down these things... Again, thanks for staying through all that and I hope it's not just that I'm an ungrateful, privileged little kid (in which case, please also leave a comment – it's important that I realise this and work towards changing my attitude).

:)