I'm an atheist and I started to read the bible out of curiosity. Am I missing something, or is it supposed to be that graphic?
Edit: I can't believe how much this blew up. And in a day too. Sorry I couldn't get to everyone but over a thousand comments in less then 24 hours.  Thank you everyone who commented. It was very insightful and I'm proud the majority where able to maintain civil conversations.

Please, if you are here to spew hate and not have a civilized discussion don't even comment. This goes for both atheist and theists, we can coexist. Now, I am not trying to convert but I always wanted to read the bible to see what it was about. But some of the things I've read have been honestly horrifying to imagine. I find it kind of weird now that some christian parents get bent out of shape when they find their child watching a rated R movie. I have never seen or read anything as graphic as the themes in the bible. 

At one point 2 girls intoxicate their father in a cave and (it's even uncomfortable for me to type this out lol) have him impregnate them both. That's as nicely as I can put it. The prophet Abraham being asked to slaughter his child by god himself just to verify his belief, (he was stopped but still) Im just very surprised by the book, it has been very dark and the prophet and his family (who I thought where supposed to be the good guys) lie and are constantly trying to deceive the other. One of Isaac's son had his twin brother dying of hunger at his feet pleading him to feed him, and the brother straight up told him to give him his birthright or he would not help him, then took his father's blessing by lying to him making his brother want to kill him. 

When does it get all about love and kindness? Does it even do that? Am I missing something? What the heck am I reading? haha I must admit though, It's very entertaining, I'm enticed but horrified at the same time. Thank you. I hope I am not disrespecting anyone's belief I just need answers, It's completely different to what I was expecting. Reading this there is no rated R movie that can come close to the bible so parents chill haha