The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
"Weird" situation after coming out
Hello guys! 

First a little introduction: I'm a 17 years old Male from germany.I'm very straight passing and behave mostly like a typical men. Besides I do cosplay sometimes

Some years ago,nearly three years I think I came accidently out to my parents,because they checked my phone sometimes and I had some pictures of boys in my phone back then. I don't know the term bisexual at this time,so I said I Like boys and girls. Dad didn't care, said He would be happier If I had a gf but would tolerate a bf too. Mom otherwise didn't accepted me and yelled at me. She said she wanted grandchildren,I think and that I should not say anything about my bisexualty to somebody.

Years passend by and I'm still kinda struggling with my sexuality, never had a relationship because I was never interested in one. I think I might be gay,since I kinda like the Imagination of a bf more but I don't know...

Since my coming out we never talked again about LGBT or my relationship status. But our relationship is as good as it never had been before.

Sorry for this boring story,I Just feel so confused about everything right now and Just want to talk about it. I'm unsure what I like and If my parents accept me in the end or not. I kinda want to talk again with them about that topic at my 18th birthday when I turn an adult. 

Thanks for reading and have a nice day!
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "It sounds like you've been through a lot. I'm here to listen if you want to talk about it."

2. "I'm sorry that you've had a difficult time with this. It can be hard to figure out who we are and what we want."

3. "It sounds like you're not sure about your sexuality. That can be difficult to deal with."

4. "It's okay to be confused about who you are. It takes time to figure it out."

5. "I know it's hard to deal with these feelings, but you can get through it."