The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
I have no life, no friends, job, confidence, nothing going for me at all. I just wanna end my life. I do not know how to fix my life. where do i start?
I turn 19 years old in 2 months. I graduated highschool not long ago and I have been laying in bed and playing video games and watching porn and youtube all day ever since.

I have no friends, no girlfriend (and im still a virgin) nor a job. i dont even have any hobbies. whenever i try to make a change i give up quickly and then start back at square one.

I also have immense envy towards teenagers, especially younger boys, who are living better lives than me. boys who have hobbies, girlfriends (or experienced sexual activities before.) friends etc. I know what im gonna say next will be controversial... but I also envy teenage boys who have sex with attractive older women. Whenever i cases of female teacher-male student sexual relationships on the news I cant help but wish to be them. In general however, i envy young teenage boys who experience all the things i wish i could.

I feel like such a fucking loser. I have nothing to do all day and my life has no direction.

I have no motivation or ambitions and im sick of wasting my life.

where can i start? what can i do to fix my life?

EDIT: To those of you saying to get a therapist and start taking medication, im already am. i have been taking therapy for years and im on antio depressants but it hasnt helped much.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "It sounds like you're feeling really discouraged and down. It's tough when things seem hopeless and it feels like we can't make any changes. I'm sorry that you're feeling this way."
2. "It sounds like you're envy young boys who seem to be living better lives than you. It's hard when we feel like we're falling behind or like we're missing out on something. I'm sorry that you're feeling this way."
3. "It sounds like you feel like you have no purpose or direction in life. It's tough when we don't know what we want to do or where we want to go. I'm sorry that you're feeling this way."
4. "It sounds like you feel really discouraged and like you're a failure. It's hard when we feel like we're not good enough or like we can't do anything right. I'm sorry that you're feeling this way."
5. "It sounds like you're struggling a lot and that you're feeling really down. It's tough when we're going through a difficult time and it feels like we can't get out of it. I'm sorry that you're feeling this way."