The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
Step dad refusing to let me see my biological family without him
My dad died from melanoma when I was 2 years old.  When I was 4 my mom remarried.  My step-dad has a daughter 4 months older than me, whose real mom turned her away from our family, resulting in us never being close.  We’re both in our twenty’s now, and the only time we see her is on Christmas and her birthday so she can collect gifts from my mom and step dad.  Back to my step dad.  He always told my mom he never wanted kids, not even his own daughter.  I was 4 when he remarried my mom, and he never tried to develop a relationship with me and never adopted or even wanted to adopt me as his own, despite me living in their house up until I went off to college.  I am still in this house when I am home for breaks.  So when I say he never wanted a relationship with me, it goes from not saying hi, good morning, or anything to me unless I say it first which has gone on for years, to wanting to address something with me and even if I’m in the room he’ll say it to my mom so my mom is the one to talk to me.  So with Christmas coming up, every year on the day after Christmas me, my mom, my step dad, and my step sister go to my biological fathers family Christmas.   Every year, my mom complains because my step sister wants nothing to do with us the rest of the year but is there on this day collecting gifts from my biological fathers family.  Finally, this year, I asked my mother if there was any possible way we could go to this get together without them, since it isn’t their family anyway.  Her argument is it is their family through marriage, however my dad died and my step dad didn’t marry my dad, so technically no, it is not their family.  This has resulted in my mom calling me evil, a failure of a daughter, selfish, and manipulative.  So I’m asking for opinions: am I being selfish for asking to celebrate the holidays with my biological fathers family without my step dad and step sister?  Side bar, none of the family at this gathering is even my moms family, it is solely my fathers family so the only relationship they have to any of them is through me and my mothers past marriage.  Please tell me what you think.

Also, when brought up to my step dad, he said to my mom, with me in the room, that if she (meaning me) doesn’t want us to go him and Carly (my step sister) will go by themselves.  None of them are their family.  My mom is also refusing to go unless we all go.  I said if they go, they can go by themselves and I’ll stay home and my step dad and step sister can celebrate Christmas with my biological fathers family if it’s so important to them.  Am I being ridiculous, or do I have a right to feel this way?
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "It sounds like it's really important to you to celebrate Christmas with your biological family. I understand that it's difficult when your stepdad and step sister are also there. Maybe there is a way to celebrate with them that would still allow you to spend time with your biological family."
2. "It's natural to feel hurt and frustrated when your family is not fully supportive. I'm sorry that your stepdad is making it difficult for you to see your biological family. Have you talked to him about why it's important to you to celebrate Christmas with them?"
3. "It sounds like you're stuck in a difficult situation. It's important to be honest with yourself and others about how you're feeling. Are you thinking about any possible solutions?"