The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
My (23f) husband (32m) keeps on talking to me about the risks of childbirth, mortality rates, etc. I’m currently 6 months pregnant, and has asked me where my important documents are “in case things go wrong”. I’m already scared to give birth, what can I say to him to get him to stop?
I (23f) am 6 months pregnant. My husband (32m) is very excited for us to start a family, he’s been very involved in coming to every appointment, sonogram, picking out clothes and furniture for the nursery, etc. all in all he’s been very supportive in almost ways except one. 

He’s recently started talking to me about the risks of childbirth, mortality rates, etc. The first time he brought it up I just listened to him and was like oh okay good to know, but let’s just hope everything goes well. He said okay, he just thought it was important for me to know. A few weeks later he brought it up again. He told me he wants to be sure I know as much as possible, I told him what would really help is him looking into ways to alleviate pain during childbirth, breathing techniques, etc. 

Yesterday he brought it up again, but this time it was more personal-he asked me if I was sure all of my important documents were in our safe. I told him yes, and asked him why. He told me he was just making a plan for in case “things don’t work out” during childbirth. 

This is beginning to psych me out. I was already nervous about giving birth and this made it so much worse. What else can I say to him to get him to stop bringing this up?
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "I'm sorry that you're feeling so scared. I want you to know that I'm here for you, and I will support you through your pregnancy and childbirth. I know that you're worried, but let's not focus on the negative. Let's instead focus on all the positive things that are happening in your life right now." 
2. "I can understand why you're feeling scared. Childbirth can be a very scary experience, especially if you're not fully prepared for it. But I want to assure you that most women have successful pregnancies and deliveries. You're going to be just fine." 
3. "It's completely natural to feel scared about childbirth. But remember that you're not alone. You have me, your husband, and your entire support system to help you through it. We're all here for you." 
4. "It's important to be prepared for anything that could happen during childbirth. But let's not focus on the worst-case scenario. Instead, let's focus on having a healthy and successful pregnancy." 
5. "I know you're scared, and I want to do everything I can to help you feel more prepared and less scared. Do you want to talk more about childbirth? I can give you more information or recommend some books or websites to read."