The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
I hate that being socially awkward is seen as creepy or weird by so many people
I’m naturally not good at dealing with people. It’s just not a skill I have. I deal with a lot of anxiety surrounding most social situations and it results in me being very awkward. 

I try to not inconvenience or bother anyone so I try to make myself as invisible as possible. Because of this many of normal actions are seen as creepy. I stare into space a lot so no one thinks I’m looking in their direction. I also tend to just keep to myself so I’m often by myself and do things alone.

If I’m in a group of people who are talking I’ll never talk do people that have something that matters to say can speak. I also try to stand out if peoples way physically and I end up on the sidelines or alone or off to the side of a group of people.

I’ve been told that these things make me look creepy, weird, and like a serial killer. I just don’t want to take up other peoples space. I just want to be able to blend in to the background and I don’t get why this is seen as creepy.

Back when I was in high school I got picked on so much for not really talking or having friends. People have asked me if I’m on the autism spectrum which I feel is a very rude question in and of itself, especially so since I’m not.

I’m 20 and in college now and it’s gotten easier to be the way I am but I still get weird looks it told by people I know I look creepy just existing. I just feel out of place around regular people and I shouldn’t make them be around me. I’m just trying to do everyone a favor and I get judged for it.

I really hope that one day I’ll just be allowed to be the way I am without others thinking I’m a freak for doing it.
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "It sounds like it's been difficult for you to be yourself around other people. It's understandable that you would feel out of place." 
2. "It's important to remember that there is nothing wrong with you. You are just the way you are meant to be." 
3. "It's totally natural to feel anxious in social situations. Most people do to some degree." 
4. "It sounds like you've been through a lot of bullying and judgement in your life. That can be really tough to deal with." 
5. "I'm so sorry that you have to go through all of this. It's not fair. I wish there was something I could do to help." 
