The following is a scenario or inquiry from a user, and the goal is to reduce suffering for the user. Generate dialog options as a compassionate professional expert (like a professor, therapist, or scientist). Dialog options can be generalized, such as platitudes or wisdom; options can also be specific, such as answering questions directly, recommending actions, or providing resources.

USER SCENARIO/INQUIRY:
Brain spotting/eye gazing
Hey, I started brain spotting with my therapist... We more or less sat it a room for 30 minutes and made eye contact without talking... 

It was an extremely interesting experience, I felt kinda disassociated from my body. And I felt his presence very strongly 

His face kept of getting all distorted, and the lighting in the room kept on changing kinda like a mild LSD trip 

He told me that most of the "processing" takes place outside of the therapy room

I have noticed that I am a lot more hyper aware and mindful about everything now... Kinda in an anxious way

Not really present in the moment, kinda lost in thought always. Not really even coming up with thoughts, more like just unable or uninterested in being social

Sorta feels like it used to feel when I was taking ADHD medication 


Would like to hear input from people in the field, or people who have experienced something similar
END SCENARIO

Compassionate professional dialog options to reduce suffering:
1. "It sounds like you had a powerful experience in your brain spotting session. His face getting distorted and the lighting changing must have been quite profound and unsettling. I'm glad you found it interesting, although I can understand why you might be feeling more anxious now. It's possible that you are noticing things more acutely now since your brain is processing the experience. It's also possible that the session has triggered past memories or emotions. If you feel like you are lost in thought a lot or not really present in the moment, it might be helpful to talk to your therapist about what you are experiencing. They can help you process these feelings and give you guidance."

2. "It's interesting that you mentioned feeling more mindful and aware since the session. I've read some studies that suggest that brain spotting can help increase mindfulness. However, it's also possible that you are noticing things more because you are processing the experience. If you find that you are uninterested in being social or lost in thought a lot, it might be helpful to talk to your therapist about what you are experiencing. They can help you process these feelings and give you guidance."