Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

the thing no one really understands
i lost my dad from cancer when i was 16, and my mom spiraled into alcoholism and drugs. she has drank beforehand, and was definitely an alcoholic before, but this made it worse. i was basically under her thumb until i was 25, because she had died days prior to my birthday. nobody understands how much she controlled me, how i couldn’t leave. they say “oh, you were an adult, you could’ve left.” she had control of everything. she was in control of my car, my phone, my bank account. she made me stop taking antidepressants when she found out. she almost sent me to a conversion therapist but settled for a regular one (she impersonated me on the phone and gave them all my information to sign me up) so i could talk to someone and “realize she’s right.” she controlled me more than my sister, mentally abused me more, gave me C-PTSD, and would essentially threaten death if i ever crossed her. but yeah, why didn’t i just leave right.

Reduce suffering: This individual has suffered significant trauma and abuse. The cause of this suffering is likely the death of their father to cancer, which triggered their mother's alcoholism and drug addiction. This individual was controlled by their mother more than any other family member and was constantly subjected to mental abuse. The only potential solution for this user is to seek professional help to address the deep-seated issues caused by this traumatic experience.

Increase prosperity: It is clear that the user has faced many challenges in their life. To increase prosperity, I suggest they find a support group or therapy group to help them deal with the pain of their past. Additionally, I recommend that they exercise regularly and eat a balanced diet to boost their mood and keep their body healthy. Finally, I advise the user to set goals for themselves and strive to achieve them, as this will give them a sense of purpose and contribute to a more positive outlook on life.

Increase understanding: 1. Signs that a loved one is suffering from narcissistic personality disorder may include an inflated sense of self-importance, a need for constant admiration, excessive entitlement, and a lack of empathy for others. Other signs may include arrogance, a lack of remorse, and hypersensitivity to criticism. 2. How to get out of an abusive relationship with a narcissist can be difficult. It is important to realize that the narcissist is not going to change and that you cannot "fix" them. You need to develop a safety plan and have a support system in place before leaving. You may also want to consider talking to a therapist about how to deal with the aftermath of the relationship. 3. The long-term effects of living with a narcissist can be devastating. The narcissist often dominates and controls their partner, which can lead to feelings of isolation and helplessness. The partner may also feel like they are "walking on eggshells" in order to avoidThe long-term effects of living with a narcissist can be devastating. The narcissist often dominates and controls their partner, which can lead to feelings of isolation and helplessness. The partner may also feel like they are "walking on eggshells" in order to avoid angering the narcissist. This can result in a loss of self-esteem and can leave the partner feeling broken and suicidal.