Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Dad showed up roaringly drunk at my alcohol-free wedding and I had to call the cops
Me and my fiancé planned an alcohol-free wedding because we both have one alcoholic parent, who have both been in differing stages of relapse/recovery for as long as we can remember. In the year leading up to our wedding my partner's alcoholic parent has not relapsed and my own father has shown up sober (meeting my spouse, being invited to see our house etc) to social occasions, so I felt quite hopeful.

Turned out I was being really naive. My dad showed up an hour or two before the wedding while my fiancé was directing the catering and the bar on where to set up. Just more drunk than anyone had ever seen, looking really rough, drooling, barely coherent. He essentially rambled alt-right propaganda and anti-semitic comments to my fiancé (who is jewish) while he and the best man attempted to extract several bottles and cans off his person that he'd tried to smuggle into the wedding. Obviously really triggering and uncomfortable for my fiancé, who called my sister crying. My sister and me set off to the venue early to try and convince him that we were very sorry, but he was not in an appropriate state to attend the wedding and that we would drive him to the hotel, train station, wherever he wanted to go. He absolutely refused and began to berate my sister, telling her that she "was nothing" and "did not matter", and telling her to "shut up while the men were talking" when he said something to my fiancé, etc. When we told him that if he did not leave we would have to call the police he proceeded to threaten her. I called the cops and watched them drag him into a car.

Obviously a really upsetting beginning to my wedding day, but luckily the rest of my family and friends are lovely and the atmosphere was loving. No problems from my partner's previously problematic parent, they were lovely. Managed to concentrate on the celebration but the following days I've been really upset and disappointed. I guess I just thought that your first daughter to get married would be one of the social occasions he would take seriously. I know it doesn't work exactly like that. Just sad and frustrated that he won't get the help he clearly needs or will come out of rehab and just proceed to crack a can open right away. Exhausted with trying to believe he'll get better and right now I really feel like just cutting him off completely. My husband and I are also expecting, and I just don't see us being comfortable with him being around the kid if he hasn't been sober for a while. : /

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user describes their experience of watching their father show up drunk at their alcohol-free wedding and how this caused emotional distress to them and their fiancé. The user describes the behavior of their father as inappropriate, triggering, and upsetting. They state that they had to call the cops and that their father was eventually dragged away by the police. The user speculates that their father's behavior may have been due to him feeling left out or not being invited to the wedding in an appropriate manner. They recommend that their father gets help for his alcoholism and proposes that he be cut off from the family if he does not get help.

Increase prosperity: It is disappointing to see that your father showed up drunk to your wedding. Alcoholism is a serious disease and it is important to get help if you are struggling with it. The good news is that your fiance's parent did not relapse on the day of your wedding. This is a positive sign and hopefully indicates that they are on the path to recovery. There are many ways to increase prosperity, such as wealth, happiness, health, and abundance. In this situation, I would recommend seeking counseling or therapy to help deal with the anger and frustration you are feeling. It is also important to connect with other people who have gone through similar experiences. There are many support groups available, both online and in person. Joining a group can help you feel supported and give you guidance on how to move forward.

Increase understanding: It sounds like you were disappointed that your father showed up drunk to your wedding. It is understandable that this would be a triggering and upsetting experience for you and your fiancé. It is also understandable that you would be upset and frustrated with your father for not getting the help he needs. You may find it helpful to talk to someone about how you're feeling. You may also want to consider cutting off contact with your father if he doesn't get help.