Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

…………..aaaand breathe
Another Christmas over and done with (U.K. time) 

I just want to say thank you to everyone in this sub for sharing their stories - and well done to everyone who’s struggled today and got through it. I’ve always felt so uneasy and anxious on Christmas Day and this year even though I felt just as uncomfortable, I know that it’s not because I’m a Grinch but because it’s an incredibly tough time of year for a lot of us. 

For anyone struggling - please try and just take some time for yourself, remove yourself from any uncomfortable situation if you can and remember it’s just another day, don’t put too much pressure on yourself or expectations on the day.

Regardless of what the media makes us think, it’s okay to hate this day. God knows I do sometimes!

Reduce suffering: Christmas can be a difficult time for many people. According to this user, they feel anxious and uneasy on Christmas Day. They recommend that others struggling on this day take some time for themselves and remove themselves from any uncomfortable situation if possible.

Increase prosperity: Christmas can be a difficult time for many people. Some recommendations to increase prosperity during the Christmas season include: taking some time for yourself, removing yourself from any uncomfortable situation if you can, and remembering that it is just another day. It is okay to hate this day, and God knows that sometimes I do too!

Increase understanding: There are a number of ways to deal with Christmas anxiety. Some people find that mindfulness or meditation helps them to cope with the stress of the season. Others find that exercise or spending time outdoors helps to center them and calm their minds. It is also important to take some time for yourself during the holidays, whether that means taking a break from socializing or simply taking some time for yourself to read, relax, or listen to music. It can also be helpful to set realistic expectations for Christmas. Remember that the holiday is about spending time with family and friends, not about acquiring or consuming things. Try not to get caught up in the commercialism of the season and focus on the things that are truly important to you. Take some time to reflect on what you are grateful for and what brings you happiness, and let go of anything that does not serve you. If there are aspects of Christmas that are causing you stress, try to find ways to address those issues head-on.Some people find that they become overwhelmed by the Christmas season because of the amount of socializing that is required. If this is the case for you, try to schedule some time for yourself during the holidays. This could mean taking a break from socializing or simply finding some time to yourself to read, relax, or listen to music. It is also important to remember that the holiday is about spending time with family and friends, not about acquiring or consuming things. Try to focus on the things that are truly important to you and let go of anything that does not serve you. If there are aspects of Christmas that are causing you stress, try to find ways to address those issues head-on.