Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I told someone about my struggles
Like the title states, I told an extended family member about my dad and his health problems due to the drinking. I’m feeling pretty proud of myself for doing this, especially because I was taught that his family was ‘bad and untrustworthy.’ This narrative of my cousins and aunts and uncles all being bad people has been a reoccurring theme in my life. They were always ok with me but I was taught to not trust them. 

After many years of healing and recovery, I have recently realized that they were not the problem, he was always the problem. His drinking was the problem. His distrust of his family has isolated me from them and made this journey hard. I always got in trouble for telling them when he was in the hospital, or sick  etc. I now understand it has nothing to do with them and to do with his shame for ending up this way. 

 20 years of being in trouble for telling people things that happened in our life, has very severely isolated me. It’s just him and me and the step monster. My mother died over 20 years ago and she was my support person. He and the step monster are awful hateful drunks. The step monster can turn mean in a millisecond. I have been alone since my mom died. But today, I made the choice to tell someone about it. Go me! I’m choosing to step out of the shame.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user has experienced a great deal of suffering in their life. They were taught to mistrust their family, which has resulted in isolation from them. They have also been in trouble for telling people about what has happened in their life, further isolating them. The user's dad is a problem drinker and the stepmonster is abusive. The user recommends that the person tell their story to someone they trust in order to break free from the shame.

Increase prosperity: 1. Understand that prosperity has many meanings, and focus on what would make you happy and fulfilled. 2. Reach out to supportive family and friends, and develop a support network. 3. Remove yourself from negative or restrictive environments, and surround yourself with positive people and things. 4. Take care of yourself emotionally and physically, by investing time in activities that make you happy and healthy.

Increase understanding: Telling family members about struggles: There can be a lot of apprehension when it comes to telling family members about struggles. It can feel like a very vulnerable and exposing thing to do, and there is the worry that they will not be understanding or supportive. However, in most cases, family members want to help and support you, even if they don’t quite know how to do that. It is important to remember that they probably have just as many feelings and fears around the situation as you do, so give them time and space to process what has happened. Some things to keep in mind when telling family members about struggles: -Be prepared for a range of reactions from them, from total support to disbelief or anger. Do your best to stay open to whatever they may say or feel. -Give them time and space to digest what you have told them. They may need some time alone to think or talk with friends or other family members before theydeal with talking to you about it. -Remember that they may not know how to best support you, so don’t be afraid to ask for what you need. -Keep in mind that family members can be some of our most loyal and supportive allies, but they can also hurt us in ways we never imagined. Be prepared for both possibilities. How to deal with isolation from family after telling them about struggles: After telling family members about struggles, it is common to feel a sense of isolation from them. This can be because they are unsure of how to interact with you now, or because they are avoiding you because they don’t know what to say. It is important not to take this personally and to understand that their behavior is likely due to a range of emotions and confusion. Some things that might help during this time: -Give yourself time and space to heal. Don’t expect yourself to jump right back into regular family interactions. -If your