Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Love the health anxiety..
When you've had a long day prepping for an upcoming week of finals, you finally lay in bed, so tired and cozy, and then you start to question if you have carbon monoxide poisoning and a blood clot. THIS is my life with anxiety. 

*We have a carbon monoxide detector. I'm literally not sick in any way, nor is my boyfriend or daughter. 

*I had charlie horses in my feet last night, and now... oh no... I had a cramp in my leg (there's NO way it's from sitting on my leg at my table all day while on my laptop. How impossible!)

Just laughing at myself

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user suffers from health anxiety, which causes her to question whether she has carbon monoxide poisoning and a blood clot. This is her life with anxiety. She recommends laughing at herself as a possible solution.

Increase prosperity: 1. Prepare for exams by studying and taking breaks. 2. Get a good night's sleep. 3. Spend time with family and friends. 4. Exercise regularly. 5. Laugh at yourself.

Increase understanding: 1. Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can include headache, nausea, dizziness, and vomiting. In more severe cases, people can experience confusion, loss of consciousness, and even death. 2. Signs of a blood clot can include pain and swelling in the affected area, warmth around the area, redness, and chest pain. If a blood clot breaks free and travels to another part of the body, it can cause a pulmonary embolism, which can be fatal. 3. Charlie horses in feet can be caused by a variety of factors, including dehydration, poor blood circulation, and anxiety. 4. Yes, anxiety can cause charlie horses. Anxiety can lead to muscle tension and cramping, both of which can cause charlie horses. 5. Sitting on your leg all day can cause cramps in the muscles of your leg. This is because when you sit for long periods of time, your muscles lose their elasticity and beginSure! When you sit for long periods of time, your muscles lose their elasticity and begin to atrophy. This can lead to cramps in the muscles of your leg.