Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

AITA for being "ungrateful" of the cake my boyfriend made me?
I(33f) have been dating a man, “Alex”(34m) for almost 3 years. Alex has a 13 year old daughter from a previous marriage that he has full custody of. 

When we met Alex was doing very well, he made 6 figures and he had a decent house in a fine neighborhood. I had a slightly lower paying job.  Almost a year and a half ago, his job had to cut some employees and he was one of them. He had to take on a job and he earned much less than he had before. 

I moved into their house 5 months ago. Since I moved in I have helped a lot with the bills, usually half or more of them. 

Yesterday was my birthday. I wanted to celebrate at a nice restaurant near us, however it was closed. There was another one a little closer to us, although it was more expensive. I suggested going there for my birthday to Alex, and he said that he couldn't afford to pay for dinner there and if we went we would need to split the bill. I was a little upset but he said he would make something himself. 

The cake I wanted was, admittedly, somewhat expensive. I pointed it out to him, and he said again that he didn't think he could afford it with Christmas coming up and we'd have to go half. I told him I wasn't paying for a cake for my own birthday, and he said he'd see what he could do. 

Well, yesterday came. He made dinner, and it was quite good, better than most meals we eat, although not as good as what it would be at a restaurant. However, when he brought the cake out it was just something he had made himself. 

He said he was sorry he couldn't afford the nicer cake but he had made this one and his daughter had helped. 

I pretended to enjoy it but after I told him that I was hoping for a slightly nicer cake. He said he had tried his best and he couldn't spend the money he had set aside for bills on a cake. 

I guess his daughter heard because now he's also saying that I made her upset after she helped make it. 

He keeps saying I should apologize to her and say that I really liked it. 

AITA?

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be experiencing significant financial hardship. The cause may be job loss, as the user's partner has lost his job. The user has moved in with the partner and his daughter, and is evidently helping to pay bills. The user seems to resent this, as indicated by their comment that they "wanted to celebrate at a nice restaurant near us, however it was closed." They are also bitter about the quality of the cake their partner made, which he apologizes for. It is possible that the user's resentment stems from a feeling of being taken for granted. They may feel that their contributions are not appreciated. It might be helpful for the user to express their feelings to their partner directly. This could lead to a discussion about the financial situation and potential solutions.

Increase prosperity: Dear User, In order to increase prosperity, I recommend that you take actions to increase your income and savings. You could look for a higher paying job, invest in stocks or mutual funds, or start a side business. Additionally, you should be mindful of your spending and make efforts to reduce expenses where possible. You may want to consider cooking at home instead of eating out, cancelling unused subscriptions, and setting a regular budget for yourself. Finally, it is important to remember that prosperity is not just about financial gain – happiness, health, and abundance are also forms of prosperity. Thank you for your question.

Increase understanding: There is no definitive answer for the question of AITA for being "ungrateful" of the cake my boyfriend made me. According to some opinions, it may not be unreasonable to feel some degree of resentment if you perceive that someone has put in a lot of effort and gone above and beyond, especially if that person is not a blood relative. After all, we are biologically programmed to be grateful to those who have helped us survive and thrive. On the other hand, it could also be argued that any feelings of resentment are unreasonable, especially if the person who made the cake is a close family member or partner. Ultimately, whether or not resentment is justified in this situation will depend on the specifics of the case and on the individual's own personal beliefs and values. There are no definitive guidelines for being a good step-parent, as every situation is unique. However, there are some general tips that may be useful. First and foremost, it is important to rememberthat you are not the child's biological parent, and that it will take time and patience for the child to accept and warm up to you. It is also important to be supportive and positive towards the child, while also being firm and consistent with rules and expectations. Additionally, it is important to build a strong relationship with the child's biological parent, in order to create a united front. In terms of dealing with difficult family members, there is no one-size-fits-all approach. However, it is important to try to understand the other person's perspective, even if you do not agree with it. It is also important to maintain open communication, and to avoid letting disagreements turn into arguments. Finally, it is important to remember that family dynamics can be complicated, and that there is no such thing as a perfect family. Sometimes the best thing we can do is simply accept our loved ones for who they are, flaws and all. When you are feeling resentment towards your