Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

AITA for yelling at my boyfriend and telling him he acts like a needy 5 year old
I've been applying for jobs recently. This morning my boyfriend  "Ian" was still sleeping and my phone rang.  It was one of the jobs that I applied for and they asked if I had a minute to talk. I said sure and went in my office and shut  the door,  I had been in my living room anyways but noise carries more from the living room and I was trying to be quiet. 

Well right after I closed my office door Ian got up and I heard him walking around.  Then he opened the door and came in.  He asked "who is that?" "Oh! Is that your mom? Tell her hi". I was still talking to the hr person and he said "Is that Mary? Who is that?" 

I got up and waved my arm (trying to wave him away) while still trying to answer the HR person's questions, and went back in the living room.   He followed me and said "is that Kim? Ask if her and Kyle want to go for lunch with us later".  

So I went in the kitchen instead,  he followed me AGAIN and started unloading the dishwasher.  I started walking back to my office and the HR lady said she wanted me to come in for an interview Thursday at one. So I said "Thursday at one works great". While she was explaining how to get there, get in the building and everything Ian comes running and says "no no no! not Thursday today! I work Thursday ". I thanked her and hung up.

  I was annoyed.  I said "that was about a job that wasn't Kim, you're worse than a nosey 5 year old that needs attention ". 

He said "well you could have just told me who it was". 

I said "yea in the middle of a call I'll  say "hold on my bf wants to know who I'm talking to "". 

He said "well you could have wrote it down or something, I was just curious, I get up and you're already on the phone Sorry. You don't have to be mean about it." He's done this crap before and it's  annoying. 

 So I just stayed in my office and have been checking emails and futzing around.  I'm just irritated because if that Hr person heard him I would have looked unprofessional and he was disrupting my concentration  (I have Adhd) and made it harder for me to focus on what she was saying. Maybe I shouldn't have snapped like that and I overreacted.  

AITA

Reduce suffering: The user is frustrated with their boyfriend, Ian, for barging into the room while they are on the phone and distracting them from their conversation. They feel that he is acting like a "nosey 5 year old that needs attention." They speculate that he does this often and finds it irritating. The user recommends that Ian be more mindful of other people's space and to not interrupt them while they are speaking.

Increase prosperity: When trying to increase prosperity, it is important to stay focused and be professional. It may be helpful to set boundaries with loved ones, such as explaining that during work hours, you should not be disturbed. It is also important to stay organized and efficient, in order to make the most of your time. Finally, it is crucial to maintain a positive attitude and stay motivated, in order to achieve your goals.

Increase understanding: The consequences of yelling at your boyfriend can be pretty significant. It can lead to decreased trust, decreased communication, and even decreased satisfaction in the relationship. If you're feeling overwhelmed or frustrated with your boyfriend, it's best to try and talk to him about it instead of yelling. If your boyfriend is needy, there are a few things you can do to help him feel more independent. You can encourage him to spend time with friends or do activities he enjoys, and avoid babying him too much. It's important to set boundaries with needy people, because if you don't they will quickly take advantage of you. If your boyfriend is being a distraction, it may be helpful to take some time for yourself. This could mean putting some distance between the two of you, or even taking a break from the relationship altogether. When you're trying to focus on work, it's important to have a clear head and not be distracted by personal issues. If you'reThe consequences of yelling at your boyfriend can vary depending on the situation. In general, though, it can lead to decreased trust, decreased communication, and even decreased satisfaction in the relationship. If you're feeling overwhelmed or frustrated with your boyfriend, it's best to try and talk to him about it instead of yelling.