Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

AITA for supporting my boyfriend when he told my son "no lock til you're 18"?
I f39 have been with my boyfriend for 4 years. I have a bio son 16 year old son as well as 2 step kids (11 &amp; 13).

My son has been complaining about his younger stepsiblings entering his room and taking his things constantly and without asking. I tried disccusing this with the boys and my boyfriend punished the boys and told them to ask first before taking anything and return it if taken but my son said they haven't listened and things went back to how they were.

Few days ago my son came downstairs saying his older stepbrother broke his controller and put it back and told him he returned it like his dad told him but the controller was broken. I again went to my boyfriend with this issue and had my son sit and talk directly to him. My son asked him if he could just get a lock for his room to resolve this issue but my boyfriend didn't welcome the idea and told him no because locks bring troubles to his house but my son tried to convince him and assured him that he won't use the lock when he's home but only when he's at school or working. My boyfriend still said no and then told him "no lock until you're 18, period, no more discussion". Thing is my son will still be living with us because he decided to go to a community college and my boyfriend told him when he reaches 18 that is when he gets to get a lock and start paying rent and no one will bother him. My son begged me to say something since he couldn't take it anymore after his controller was broken but I agreed with my boyfriend that as the owner of the house he gets final say and no lock means no luck. however, the boys will be facing stricter punishments to enforce the "no touching others stuff" rule but my son was having none of it and started yelling at me and my boyfriend saying his stepbrothers will never respect his privacy and his stuff nomatter how hard their punshement is since they never learn and are stubborn and will always do what they want. He picked an argument with my boyfriend after my boyfriend said he'll pay for the controller and then my son called me awful for siding with him and refusing to see the blatant injustice in this house and told us he's reconsidering staying with us after 18.

He keeps saying I'm not on his side cause if I was I'd be encouraging him set boundaries and protect his stuff that he buys with his own money. I reminded him of how much my boyfriend helped us (we lost our apartment to debts and my boyfriend took us in 2 years ago we had nowhere to go) and let him know he's doing his best to hold the boys accountable.

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing a great deal of suffering as a result of their boyfriend's decision not to allow their son to have a lock on his room. The user's son is upset and feels that he is not being treated fairly. The user's son also feels that he is not being listened to or understood. The user recommends that the boyfriend reconsider his decision and work with the son to come up with a solution that will be acceptable to all parties involved.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity in this household, I recommend the following: 1. All members of the household should adhere to the "no touching others stuff" rule. This will help to prevent conflict and ensure that everyone is respectful of each other's belongings. 2. The owner of the house should make final decisions regarding household matters, such as locks on doors. This will help to ensure that there is a clear leader in the household and that everyone is aware of who has authority. 3. Consideration should be given to establishing boundaries for members of the household, particularly for younger children. This will help to ensure that each person knows their place in the household and is able to thrive within those parameters.

Increase understanding: There is no right or wrong answer for this question, as each situation is different. However, some things to consider when deciding whether or not to support a boyfriend when he tells a child "no lock til you're 18" include the child's age, maturity, and relationship with the boyfriend. It is also important to consider the context of the situation and what led up to the boyfriend telling the child this. If the child is young and immature, it may be better to have them locked in their room until they are 18. However, if the child is older and has a good relationship with the boyfriend, it may be more appropriate to respect their wishes and let them make their own decisions. Ultimately, it is up to the parents to decide what is best for their child. When it comes to dealing with defiant teenagers, there are a few things that can help. First, it is important to set clear boundaries and expectations for your teenager, and make sure they understandwhat is and is not acceptable behavior. It is also important to enforce these expectations consistently and be consistent in the consequences for breaking the rules. Another helpful tactic is to reward good behavior, and have a discussion with your teenager about what they need to do to earn rewards. Finally, it is important to stay connected to your teenager and keep communication open. When it comes to getting siblings to stop stealing, there are a few things that can help. First, parents need to set clear boundaries and expectations for their children, and make sure they understand what is and is not allowed. Parents should also enforce these expectations consistently and be consistent in the consequences for breaking the rules. Another helpful tactic is to reward good behavior, and have a discussion with your children about what they need to do to earn rewards. Finally, it is important to stay connected to your children and keep communication open. Finally, when it comes to getting children to respect privacy, there are a few things that can help. First,