Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

AITA for not wanting my mentally ill sister as my bridesmaid?
My (25f) sister (27f) has severe mental health issues that have made it extraordinarily difficult for her to function.  I’ve taken care of her since we were kids. Our dad had a stroke when I was 8, and my mom had to look after him until he died 11 years later. Our two brothers (40 and 42) are much older than us and busy with their jobs and their girlfriends (now wives). My family have even given me a nickname, Carer Sarah (Sarah is my name). I don’t particularly like it, but whatever. My mom is now my sister’s primary carer, but because I know her so well I’m often called to step in.

The terrible thing is, I don’t really like my sister. I think I did once, but over the years I have spent so much emotional energy on her that I’ve just burnt out. To give a flavour of what life has been like with her, she called me at 3am the night before I was due to have a hugely important interview and told me she was standing on a bridge about to jump off. I drove 4 hours to get to her and missed the interview. She seduced my boyfriend at my 16th birthday party and shouted for everyone to hear that the only reason I was born was because my mom had an abortion that went wrong. She told another boyfriend I’d cheated on him (I hadn’t). She racked up over $10k of debt on my credit card in 3 days.

I know that none of this is her fault, but all I feel towards her is apathy. It means her actions no longer hurt me. She can be so, so sweet to me sometimes, but it never lasts, and I’ve learned not to like or dislike her, just to endure her. I’ve never, ever told anyone that, and our whole family are under the impression that I love her dearly because of how much I’ve done for her over the years.

Two years ago I met the love of my life and we’re getting married next year. The truth is, I don’t even really want my sister there at all. I can’t think of a single event centred on me that hasn’t been in some way disrupted by her.

I can’t not invite her, so instead I want her to be just a regular guest. This also means it will be easier for my mom to keep an eye on her, because if she’s my bridesmaid I know I’ll end up doing it. And I want my bridesmaids to be people I actually love, who love me too, and will make my day easier. My cousins on both sides all had their sisters as bridesmaids, so I’m going against family tradition here.

My mom and brothers are shocked, and say it’s extremely damaging for my sister to be rejected like this. One of my brothers says I'm being ableist. My mom says she always thought that one day when she’s too old to take care of my sister and I’ve worked for a few years that I would look after her full time (this was news to me), but now she’s not so sure.

All this has made me feel bad for my sister, and I’m close to giving in. But if I do, it won’t be because I want to. So, looking for honest opinions here. AITA for not having my sister as my bridesmaid?

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user experiences a great deal of suffering due to her mentally ill sister. The sister has caused emotional pain, financial damage, and disrupted personal relationships. The poster describes feeling apathy towards her sister and a desire for her not to be at the wedding. The poster's family is pushing for the sister to be included as a bridesmaid, but the poster does not want this. There could be many possible solutions for this user. One solution could be for the sister to have a more limited role at the wedding, such as a guest instead of a bridesmaid. This would reduce stress on the poster, her family, and her sister. Another possible solution could be for the poster to talk to a mental health professional about how to best deal with her sister's illness.

Increase prosperity: 1. Advocate for your sister to receive the best possible mental health care. 2. If necessary, consider hiring a professional caretaker to assist your mother in caring for your sister. 3. Reach out to your family and friends for support in caring for your sister. 4. Donate your time and resources to mental health charities or research foundations. 5. Be patient and understanding with your sister, and encourage her to seek help when needed.

Increase understanding: There is no right or wrong answer to the question of whether or not it is appropriate to have a mentally ill family member as a bridesmaid. It depends on the specific situation and on the individual's comfort level. Some families might feel that it is inappropriate to ask a mentally ill relative to participate in such an important family event, while others may feel that it is a way of including them and showing their support. If you are considering having a mentally ill family member as a bridesmaid, it is important to be open and honest with both them and the other members of the wedding party about what to expect. You will need to provide clear instructions about what they can and cannot do, and make sure that they have someone to support them during the event. It is also important to be understanding if they are unable to fulfill all of their duties due to their illness. If you are caring for a mentally ill family member, it can be difficult to cope with theWhat kind of mental illness? The example response discusses a family member who has a mental illness.