Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Hi😌
I have a really great life, yet somehow I still manage to constantly drown in dark thoughts that keep me so tense and cold almost all the time. Most of the time they aren’t even making sense and are completely unreasonable yet weigh me down so much. What’s even worse is the possibility that I’m drowning the people I care about too. I’ve been getting into short workouts and meditation, and it helps with panic attacks, but sometimes the anxiety is just overwhelming and I can’t help but shut down. I just hope that one day I’m as happy with myself as I am with the rest of my life.

Reduce suffering: The user is suffering from anxiety and dark thoughts that are unreasonable and weigh them down. The potential for harming the people they care about contributes to their anxiety. They have been trying to exercise and meditate to help, but sometimes the anxiety is too much. They hope that one day they will be happy with themselves.

Increase prosperity: The user could benefit from increasing their exercise and meditation routine, in addition to seeking professional help. Increasing prosperity may also mean cultivating positive relationships with friends and family, and spending time outside.

Increase understanding: 1. Symptoms of drowning anxiety can include excessive worry about being in water, panic attacks while in or around water, and avoidance of activities that involve water. For some people, this fear can be so severe that it significantly reduces their quality of life. The good news is that there are treatments available that can help reduce or eliminate these symptoms. 2. Cognitive-behavioral therapy is usually the first treatment option recommended for drowning anxiety. This type of therapy teaches people how to cope with their fears and anxiety by changing the way they think and behave. There are also medications available that can help reduce anxiety symptoms. 3. Drowning anxiety can be caused by a variety of factors, including a traumatic experience involving water, a fear of suffocating, or a fear of not being able to breathe underwater. 4. Some common symptoms of drowning anxiety include excessive worry about being in water, panic attacks while in or around water, and avoidance of activities that involve water.What are some examples of activities that involve water?