Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

How does this sub feel about attributing modern political philosophies to pre-modern/historic societies?
Just a student wondering how to reconcile attempts to compare past societies with current political philosophies. 

&amp;#x200B;

It seems that in order to garner legitimacy, proponents of certain philosophies attempt to tie the maxims of their movements with seemingly natural human societal processes. For example, using trade and private/personal property in pre-modern/historic societies (Rome, Egypt, Songhai, Tuareg, Malawi are among some names I've personally heard mentioned) to validate capitalism, or inversely, communal ownership of the means of production in agricultural/pastoral/hunter-gatherer economies to validate socialism. It would probably become more relevant the closer one got to the present, but I'm not convinced.

&amp;#x200B;

Just hearing alot of attempts among my as equally unprofessional peers to justify beliefs by claiming X or Y society is \[*insert political philosophy*\], therefore, I'm right because look how well they did and we should do more of that etc.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user seems to be questioning the legitimacy of certain political philosophies because they are trying to tie them to pre-modern/historic societies. It seems that this user is troubled by the fact that people are using these societies as justification for their beliefs, without looking at the actual evidence. It is possible that the user is concerned about the validity of these philosophies, or that they are concerned about the way in which these ideologies are being presented. In either case, it would be helpful for this user to look at the actual evidence and make their own conclusions.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to remember that there are many different definitions of the term. Wealth, happiness, health, abundance, and thriving are all aspects of prosperity that can be enhanced through thoughtful action. Some steps that can be taken to increase prosperity include: 1. Eliminating poverty 2. Supporting small businesses and entrepreneurs 3. Promoting education and lifelong learning 4. Encouraging creativity and innovation 5. Promoting sustainable practices

Increase understanding: People in ancient Rome lived in a variety of ways, from wealthy landowners who had slaves to do their work for them, to the very poor who often went hungry. The economic system in ancient Rome was based on capitalism. This meant that people could own land and businesses and make a profit from them. Trade was also an important part of the Roman economy, with goods being imported and exported from all over the world. People in ancient Egypt lived in a variety of ways, from wealthy landowners who had slaves to do their work for them, to the very poor who often went hungry. The economic system in ancient Egypt was based on socialism. This meant that the government owned most businesses and the land, and everyone shared the profits equally. Trade was also an important part of the Egyptian economy, with goods being imported and exported from all over the world. People in Songhai lived in a variety of ways, from wealthy landowners who had slaves to do their work for them, toPeople in Songhai lived in a variety of ways, from wealthy landowners who had slaves to do their work for them, to the very poor who often went hungry. The economic system in Songhai was based on capitalism. This meant that people could own land and businesses and make a profit from them. Trade was also an important part of the Songhai economy, with goods being imported and exported from all over the world.