Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Rant/Q
Mini rant/question: 
Rant: 
Whenever my coworkers start talking about astrology they ask me to do natal chart readings for them (for free of course). They always gas me up like “You should get paid
for this” and then don’t pay me! I do it for the love anyways. I’ll never forget when I did a reading for a coworker who didn’t talk much about his family to me, but I looked at his third house and said “You have two brothers, one of them is uptight and the other is a dick” and he looked at me like I was a witch! 

Question: 
We were talking about rising signs and how I’ve heard that whatever your rising sign is, you tend to attract sun signs competitors. I meet a lot of Leos who always try to see who can come up with wildest jokes/roasts. I love Leos though, I usually let them out joke me, because I have sun 12th house. I was wondering what other peoples experiences were with this? Do you make friends with your rising, enemies, frenemies?!

Reduce suffering: These posts are about the author's experiences with astrology. In the first post, the author describes how their coworkers ask them to do free readings, but then don't pay them. In the second post, the author asks for others' experiences with rising signs.

Increase prosperity: From my observations, it seems that the best way to increase prosperity is to make friends with your rising sign. Sun signs in competition with you will only drain your resources and make you less prosperous. Instead, focus on cultivating relationships with those who are similar to you, and you will find that prosperity comes more easily. Additionally, it is important to remember that prosperity has many meanings, and not just financial wealth. Happiness, health, abundance, and thriving are all forms of prosperity that should be pursued.

Increase understanding: People with the same sign as you can be your best friend or your worst enemy. It all depends on their astrological rising sign. For example, if your rising sign is Aries and your friend's rising sign is also Aries, you will have a natural connection and be able to understand each other really well. However, if your rising sign is Sagittarius and your friend's rising sign is also Sagittarius, you may have some competitiveness and be considered rivals. If your Rising sign is Gemini and your friend's Rising sign is Leo, you might not be the best of friends because you have opposite energies. However, if you are both Scorpios then you might have a deep understanding of each other and be very close. Ultimately, it all depends on the compatibility of your signs.Some signs are more compatible than others. Here is a list of the best and worst combinations: Best Friends: Gemini and Leo, Scorpio and Pisces, Sagittarius and Aquarius Competitors: Aries and Leo, Sagittarius and Gemini, Libra and Aquarius Enemies: Cancer and Capricorn, Virgo and Taurus, Pisces and Scorpio