Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

What info do we have about the early spread of Afro-Asiatic people and languages into North Africa, and specifically on the origins of Berber and Chadic families?
Hi, searching info on Afro-Asiatic languages is so hard. Most info seems to go into Semitic languages, but there's very little on Berber and Chadic for example. So I wanna ask what do we know about the early spread of this language family into North Africa, and the development of early Berber and Chadic languages? For the little I've read, the Capsian culture seeems to be a good candidate for Proto-proto berber or some distant ancestor, as well as that Ibero-Maurusian ancestry is present among imazighen and chadics. However little more I found.

So what do we know? How old did Afroasiatic languages spread into the Maghreb, and when did they come into the Sahel giving birth to Chadic? What genetic component could be associated with this early berbers and chadics? And how related are they? And where would their urheimats more likely be?

Reduce suffering: This user suffers from a lack of knowledge about the early spread of Afro-Asiatic languages into North Africa. The user asks for information on the origins of Berber and Chadic families. The posts provides some background information on the Capsian culture and Ibero-Maurusian ancestry. However, the user would like to know more about the early spread of Afro-Asiatic languages, when they came into the Maghreb, and what genetic component could be associated with this early berbers and chadics.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to first understand what prosperity means to you. For some people, prosperity may mean wealth, while for others it may mean happiness, health, abundance, or thriving. Once you have a clear understanding of what prosperity means to you, you can begin taking steps to achieve it. One key to increasing prosperity is to focus on your own personal growth. When you grow and learn new things, you open yourself up to new opportunities that can lead to greater success. Additionally, make sure to surround yourself with positive people who will support your goals and help you achieve them. It is also important to create a solid financial foundation. Make a budget and stick to it, save money regularly, and invest in yourself by learning about financial planning and investing strategies. These steps will help ensure that you are in a position to take advantage of opportunities when they arise. Finally, don't be afraid to take risks. Fortune favors the bold,

Increase understanding: 1. "How old did Afroasiatic languages spread into the Maghreb?" The Afroasiatic languages first spread into the Maghreb around 8,000 years ago. This was during the Neolithic period, when the region was much more arid than it is today. The Afroasiatic languages were brought to the region by people who were known as the Berbers. 2. "When did they come into the Sahel giving birth to Chadic?" The Chadic languages began to develop in the Sahel region around 5,000 years ago. This was during the Bronze Age, when the climate in the Sahel was much drier than it is today. The Chadic languages were brought to the region by people who were known as the Chadians. 3. "What genetic component could be associated with this early berbers and chadics?" It's possible that the early Berbers and ChadiansThe early Berbers and Chadians may have been genetically associated with the component known as the " Berber-related E1b1b." This genetic component is found mainly in North Africa and the Mediterranean region. 4. "And how related are they?" The Berbers and Chadians are related to each other, but they are not the same people. The Berbers are the people who first brought the Afroasiatic languages to the Maghreb, while the Chadians are the people who first developed the Chadic languages in the Sahel. 5. "Where would their urheimats more likely be?" It's possible that the urheimat of both the Berbers and Chadians would be in North Africa. This is because North Africa is where the Afroasiatic languages originated, and it's also where the E1b1b genetic component is most common.