Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

The Secret of the Aspects: Your Challenges and your Tools to raise your Self-Awareness
The Aspects, together with the Astrological Houses, are the most misunderstood and underrated concepts of the Astrological Knowledge.

I remember the big confusion that I’ve felt at the beginning when I’ve tried to understand them. The big issue with the Aspects, is that there are so many wrong and imprecise informations about them, too often even conflicting, scattered around by amateurs and profane astrologers, because of their superficial knowledge of the subject.

Very often, they only classify the Aspects as “good” and “bad”, and when you ask to them about the difference between an Opposition and a Square, they say something like: – well, the Opposition is bad, the Square is “less bad”. –

Every time I hear that, I don’t know if I want to laugh or to cry. What a superficiality.

I understand that it is hard to find trustful sources about Astrology, it took to me more than 10 years of studies of the ancient knowledges to find them, but many times it’s enough stop 5 minutes to think.

Astrology responds to the cosmological laws, it is in tuning with them, and the Cosmos isn’t chaos and superficiality, the Cosmos is order (in fact: from the ancient greek “kòsmos” = “order”), and so many times it’s a mathematical order, a geometrical order.

This is true for the Aspects especially, which are based on pythagorean geometry, developed more than 2500 years ago by the ancient School of initiated founded in Italy by Pythagoras. The Pythagorean School was one of the greatest expression of the Sacred Geometry, and, consequently, even of Astrology, because everything is connected in the Ancient Gnosis.

In Astrology, the Aspects are the geometrical relations that could form between Planets or Points from their positions on the Ecliptic in your natal sky.

So, on your Birth Chart you could find these geometrical relations, it’s a common thing having some of them on the natal sky, even because there are many types of Aspects.

Those ratios are angles of various degrees between Planets or Points (AC, Nodes, etc.), but not only, they are even angles between Planets and you at the very moment of your birth.

Those angular ratios create interactions between the Planets involved, and consequently even a specific bond.

There are 5 Aspects that are commonly considered as the main Aspects:

&amp;#x200B;

* Trine – angle of 120°
* Sextile – angle of 60°
* Square – angle of 90°
* Opposition – angle of 180°
* Conjunction – angle of 0°

Anyway, there are many other Aspects, often considered “minors” by amateurs and profane astrologers. Furthermore, that division in 2 categories, “majors” and “minors”, it’s too coarse and not completely exact, but it’s an advanced concept, let’s focus on the common Aspects now.

All the angles of the Aspects are based on pythagorean geometry, so even on specific geometric figures: the Triangle and the Square.

The observations through centuries, confirmed that the Aspects based on triangle \[Trine, Sextile, Semisextile\] are generally harmonic interactions, and the Aspects based on square \[Square, Opposition, Semisquare\] are generally not harmonic interactions.

But I have to say that the best clue about the nature of the Aspects, it’s always their planetary nature. That is pretty clear inside the “Thema Mundi” (the Chart of the World) which is the foundation of the whole astrological system. There’s no time for that today, I will talk about it in some future article.

There are even exceptions like the Conjunction, which is not based on geometric figure because its angle is zero (well, to be honest, we can say that it is equivalent to “the point” or “the circle”), so you have a Conjunction when Planets are on the same place of the Ecliptic (the Zodiac Wheel).

The nature of this interaction is neutral, it depends by the Planets involved on it.

Of course, that is a big simplification, and again, the list of the Aspects is incomplete, but as I said before, they are for a more advanced level of study.

At the moment, the usual Aspects are a good start point to begin study them and their meanings on your Natal Chart.

So let’s focus on them:

Continue reading: https://iordanus.com/the-secret-of-the-aspects-your-challenges-and-your-tools-to-raise-your-self-awareness/

Reduce suffering: The user seems to be interested in understanding the concepts of astrology, but is confused by incorrect or conflicting information. They express frustration with amateurs and profane astrologers who do not have a deep understanding of the subject. The user recommends finding trustworthy sources and studying ancient knowledge for a deeper understanding. The post also provides a basic introduction to the concept of Aspects in astrology. In general, these posts seem to be from someone who is struggling and seeking guidance.

Increase prosperity: 1. When studying the Aspects, it is important to focus on trustful sources to gain a better understanding of their meanings. 2. It is essential to remember that the nature of each Aspect depends on the Planets involved. 3. Harmonic interactions between Planets are often found when using Triangle-based Aspects, while non-harmonic interactions are found with Square-based Aspects. 4. The Conjunction is a neutral interaction that depends on the Planets involved.

Increase understanding: There are a variety of aspects in astrology, which are each associated with different meanings. Some of the most common aspects are triangles, squares, oppositions, and conjunctions. Triangles occur when two planets are 60 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a harmonious aspect, and is often associated with creative energy and growth. Squares occur when two planets are 90 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a challenging aspect, and can often be associated with difficulties and struggles. Oppositions occur when two planets are 180 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a difficult aspect, as it can create a lot of tension and conflict. Conjunctions occur when two planets are in the same place in the sky. This is considered a very strong aspect, as the two planets are aligned in the same direction.There are a variety of aspects in astrology, which are each associated with different meanings. Some of the most common aspects are triangles, squares, oppositions, and conjunctions. Triangles occur when two planets are 60 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a harmonious aspect, and is often associated with creative energy and growth. For example, if you have the Sun and Moon in a triangle aspect, it might suggest that you are very creative and have a lot of energy. Squares occur when two planets are 90 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a challenging aspect, and can often be associated with difficulties and struggles. For example, if you have the Sun and Mars in a square aspect, it might suggest that you have a lot of conflict in your life. Oppositions occur when two planets are 180 degrees apart from each other. This is considered a difficult aspect, as it can create a lot of tension and conflict.