Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Struggling with what career path to take
Hello everyone, I’m 21M and I’ve always been interested in social issues and especially languages cultures geography and ethnicities from around the world I know a great deal about my home country just from my own curiosity I tend to research a lot on these types of topics, I first did business in university for two years then left it but now I am an electric apprentice currently working around Europe its good job and after four years it’ll pay very well, I also studied for a month this year of social science but had to drop out due to travelling it was a night time course but the hours didn’t work with it which was a huge shame as it would of been great for me but what I’m trying to say is I’m stuck between pursuing my hobby as a career or doing a trade which I don’t mind it’s not like I hate it It’s interesting I have good fun with co workers but I feel like by not pursing the one thing I’m so interested in I’m gonna regret it in years to come I really don’t know what to do I also feel like if I was to do an Anthropology degree it would take 4 years and feel like I’ll be old finishing at 26 I know it’s stupid ! The degree sounds so interesting too.

I also want to know as I’ve seen a lot on Reddit people saying it’s a “useless degree with no jobs after it”? Is this true or not ? I don’t know what career I would even like after it I feel like it may have lots of options if someone could explain to me what typical careers are after it please let me know I just want to know more about it incase I do decide to go for it next year thank you very much to anyone who replies !

Reduce suffering: The user is suffering from indecision about their career path. They are interested in social issues, languages, cultures, and ethnicities, but they are worried that they will regret not pursuing this interest as a career. They also wonder if an Anthropology degree would be a wise investment. Reddit users have told them that an Anthropology degree is a "useless degree with no jobs after it." The user is seeking more information to help them make a decision. I recommend that the user speak with a career counselor to get more specific advice about their options. I also advise the user to do more research on the career prospects for Anthropology graduates.

Increase prosperity: It can be difficult to make a career decision, especially when there are many paths to choose from. It is important to consider what you are interested in and what you are good at. The best careers are those that use your strengths and interests. Anthropology is a great degree choice because it provides knowledge about different cultures and societies. There are many career options available for anthropologists, including teaching, research, consulting, and marketing. However, it is important to note that not all jobs after anthropology require a degree in anthropology. There are many other degrees that can provide the same opportunities. It is important to do what makes you happy in your career. Pursue your passions and take the time to research the different options available to you. You will be able to find a career that is perfect for you.

Increase understanding: It sounds like you are interested in social issues and cultures around the world. That is a great interest to have! Anthropology is a field of study that covers those topics. It is a field of study that can lead to many different careers. One career option could be working as an anthropologist. Anthropologists study human beings and their cultures. They learn about how people live, how they think, and how they interact with each other. This information can help us understand our world better. Another career option could be working as a researcher. Researchers conduct studies on various topics. They gather data and analyze it to see what trends emerge. They then share their findings with the public. Researchers can work in many different fields, including anthropology. There are many other career options available for people who have degrees in anthropology. You could work as a teacher, a writer, or a journalist. You could also work for a museum or for a nonprofit organization. The possibilities are endless