Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Unexpected institutions are downloading my MA thesis…why?
So I submitted my MA thesis in August to my former institution’s open access digital repository. Since then I’ve had 36 downloads from around the world, which blows my mind. I didn’t expect it to get any downloads. I actually kinda hoped no one would read it, because you always look back at your writing and wonder what people are gonna think!

Some downloads have been from universities, which is understandable…

But I got some commercial and government downloads! It’s freaking me out!

One download is from a chemical industry company in TX, another is from a telephone company in Prague, an internet company in Brazil, an internet company in Oklahoma, and two downloads from the state of North Dakota. What!!??? Plus a number of unaffiliated individuals across the country. 

My thesis was about conservation, capitalism, and zoos. I don’t get it. Is this real? Why would the state of North Dakota, a chemical company, a phone company, and internet companies want my thesis?? 😭😭😭

I’m already embarrassed as it is. I wish I knew what I signed up for, having my name out there like that. It’s embarrassing. I never thought people would actually download it. In a few years I’m gonna look at my MA thesis and think “ew how could I have written that??” Now I don’t want to publish anything, ever….why am I in a PhD program? 😅😅😅

I’m just…embarrassed. I put myself out there for the world. And now random companies are downloading it. It feels weird. It can’t be right.

Also I don’t have a common name, so I don’t even know how they found my thesis 🤣🤣🤣

Reduce suffering: The author of this post is suffering from embarrassment and confusion. They express concern that their thesis, which is about conservation, capitalism, and zoos, will be read by people they don't know and are not expecting. This could lead to criticism or judgement that the author fears. They also worry that this experience will prevent them from publishing anything in the future. One potential solution for the user's concerns would be to anonymize their thesis before submitting it to the open access repository.

Increase prosperity: One way to increase prosperity is to make your writing available to the public. This can be done through open access repositories or self-publishing platforms. When you make your work available to the public, it can reach a wider audience and receive more downloads. This can help you gain recognition for your work and improve your career prospects. Additionally, it is important to focus on creating high-quality work that will be appreciated by others. You should also aim to build a platform where you can share your work with others. This can help you connect with other writers and professionals in your field. Finally, remember to be humble and appreciative of any recognition that you may receive.

Increase understanding: There are a few ways to find out who has downloaded your thesis. One way is to use a service like Google Analytics. This service allows you to track where your website visitors are coming from and how they are accessing your site. You can also use a service like IP Address Lookup. This service allows you to lookup the IP address of any website visitor and see their location. Another way to find out who has downloaded your thesis is by looking at your thesis' access logs. Your access logs will show you the IP addresses of everyone who has accessed your thesis. If you're worried about who is downloading your thesis, you can contact the person or organization with the IP address and ask them why they are downloading it.One way to find out who has downloaded your thesis is to use a service like Google Analytics. This service allows you to track where your website visitors are coming from and how they are accessing your site. For example, you can see which websites are linking to your thesis and how many people are viewing it each day. You can also use a service like IP Address Lookup. This service allows you to lookup the IP address of any website visitor and see their location. For example, you can see which country the person is located in and what ISP they are using. Another way to find out who has downloaded your thesis is by looking at your thesis' access logs. Your access logs will show you the IP addresses of everyone who has accessed your thesis. If you're worried about who is downloading your thesis, you can contact the person or organization with the IP address and ask them why they are downloading it.