Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Need a letter of recommendation for PhD program application from advisor I ghosted
TLDR; Basically the title. I graduated in May 2020 with honors for my undergraduate thesis. My advisor was quite helpful during the process and wanted to build my thesis into a fully-fledged paper for publication.   

He got in touch with me in May 2021 (a year after I’d graduated) and put me in touch with one of his colleagues who’d worked on a similar topic. The agreement was his colleague and I would work on the empirical side, building on my thesis and he would work on the modeling side. The final paper would be authored by all 3 of us. Anyway, his colleague stopped replying to my emails a couple of months down the line. I’d also started a new job around the time and really didn’t want to work on this project (dumb, I know, since a publication would’ve looked really good for what I’m aiming for now). I never got back in touch with my advisor about the progress.   

 I lost access to my university email around the time, so I’m not sure if he ever tried reaching out to me. I realize I messed up by not updating him and not reaching out at all (about my work or life in general) in the last 5 months.    

I’m applying to PhD programs for next Fall and I need a letter of recommendation from him about 8 months from now. I’m not sure how I should reach out to him. Should I explain the whole fiasco about his colleague not replying to me/losing access to my university email? Should I not consider him at all for a LOR? I had a good relationship with him but I’m scared I may have ruined it through this unprofessional lack of communication. Any advice is appreciated.

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be suffering from guilt and anxiety due to the lack of communication with their former advisor. They may also be feeling uncertainty about their future academic prospects. The potential solutions for this user include communication (reaching out and explaining the situation), and seeking counseling or therapy to address the underlying issues.

Increase prosperity: 1. Communicate with your advisor regularly, even if you are busy. Let them know about your work and any other newsworthy items. 2. If something comes up and you are unable to continue working on the project, let your advisor know as soon as possible. 3. Keep in touch with your advisor even after you graduate, especially if you are applying to PhD programs. They may be able to write a strong letter of recommendation for you.

Increase understanding: There are a few ways to request a letter of recommendation. The best way to do so is to ask the person in person. This allows the recommender to get to know you and understand your strengths and weaknesses. If you are unable to meet with the recommender in person, you can send them an email or a letter. Be sure to include all of the information they will need, such as your name, the program you are applying to, the deadline, and a copy of your resume or CV. You should also provide information on how they can contact you if they have any questions. When reaching out to an advisor for a letter of recommendation, be sure to include all of the information they will need, such as your name, the program you are applying to, the deadline, and a copy of your resume or CV. You should also provide information on how they can contact you if they have any questions.For example, what information should be included in an email to a recommender? In order to request a letter of recommendation, you should provide the recommender with your name, the program you are applying to, the deadline, and a copy of your resume or CV. You should also provide information on how they can contact you if they have any questions.