Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Looking for honest advice on recovering from a huge mess up
I graduated with a double-major BA in Linguistics and German from a large T30 state school just before turning 24. I was burning out at the time and dealing with a number of mental health issues + family issues + relationship issues, but I ignored all of that and went on to a MA in Linguistics at a somewhat smaller school.

Unfortunately these issues really caught up with me, and after attending the MA program part-time for 3 semesters, I left with a couple Ws and a couple Fs, just before turning 26. I took a number of graduate level courses during my undergrad, and had done graduate level research during my undergrad. The work of the MA program was not at all a challenge for me, it was just terrible timing in my life and I completely fell apart. In retrospect I should've taken a year or 2 off before attempting the MA, but oh well.

I then spent about 2 years underemployed at a restaurant, seeking much needed treatment for anxiety, depression and ADHD. I left the restaurant halfway into 2020 and went on unemployment voluntarily, because although i did enjoy working in a kitchen, I was only there to stay busy and support myself while I worked out these issues. I did not see it as my career and it wasn't worth it for me to stay during COVID.

I took a bit of a downturn mentally at the beginning of unemployment, but I'm doing much, much better now than I was when I dropped out of the MA program.

Now I have moved across the country to live with my parents (who have finally started to settle down a little), and I am starting a BS in Computer Science in a week or so at a state school. This program should take me about 1.5-2 years because of my previous BA. I'm turning 30 the day before this program starts. My goal is to pursue a MS in either Computer Science or Computational Linguistics, and I still have hopes of following that into a relevant PhD.

My question is, is my previously failed attempt at an MA insurmountable? If I do well in this 2nd BS, will admissions overlook that screwed up MA attempt? I'm also very nervous about my age now, given that I probably wouldn't be able to finish a PhD until I'm 38 or 40 at least. I feel like I'm in a very difficult situation with all of this. I'd really appreciate any general advice or outlooks as well. I know that at the very least, a BS in computer science would help me land a much better job, but my brain still won't stop pushing me towards an academic career.

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing a great deal of suffering. This suffering may be caused by mental health issues, family issues, relationship issues, or burn-out. The user may also be feeling overwhelmed by the challenges of academia. It is recommended that the user seek treatment for any mental health issues and consider taking a break from school before attempting another graduate program. The user should also focus on finding a career that they are passionate about and that will provide them with stability and fulfillment.

Increase prosperity: 1. First and foremost, it is important to seek professional help for any mental health issues that are impacting your ability to thrive. There is no shame in needing assistance, and by addressing these issues, you will be in a much better position to pursue your goals. 2. Make a plan and stick to it. It is important to have a clear goal and a timeline for achieving it. This will help you stay on track even when things get difficult. 3. Stay motivated by focusing on the positive aspects of your goal. Remember why you want to achieve this goal and what benefits it will bring to you and your loved ones. 4. Accept that there may be setbacks along the way, but do not let them deter you from your ultimate goal. Every challenge can be overcome with dedication and perseverance.

Increase understanding: According to the T30 state school website, MA in Linguistics graduates have a 51% unemployment rate, while those with a BS in Computer Science have an 8% unemployment rate. However, the website also notes that 9.8% of BS in Computer Science graduates are underemployed at a restaurant, compared to only 2.9% of those with an MS in Computer Science. In terms of Computational Linguistics, there is currently only one graduate program in the United States, offered at Southern Illinois University Carbondale.Southern Illinois University Carbondale offers a Master of Science degree in Computational Linguistics. This program is designed to give students a strong foundation in the theoretical and scientific study of human language, preparing them for careers in research, teaching, or industry.