Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Red bump in bellybutton that has formed since around the end of october. White ball came out of it. Please help. No doctor knows what is going on and it is concerning to me.
f19, 105 lbs, asian, no smoking/drugs, no past medical conditions 

&amp;#x200B;

It started when I was in bed on my phone and I felt something in my bellybutton. It was some crystal brown thing that was a bit sticky. I just took it out. Later I noticed a red bump forming inside there. Every day since then, a yellow like crystal pus began to form and I just cleaned it out twice a day. I went to urgent care and they said they've never seen anything like this. Then I went to my dermatologist, same answer here. So far, there has been no pain, nothing I have felt from this. But during this time, I noticed that when I was cleaning it, there was something white / gooey looking underneath the red bump that I could see if I tugged at the outside of my bellybutton to clean around the bump. The derm just told me that it's just some scar tissue that I can see and not some lint or anything concerning. Additionally, the bump was growing for the first two weeks (never grew bigger than the height of my bellybutton if that makes sense) 

Then they sent me to the general surgeon who I assume also has no idea what is going on. They sent me to get a contrast CT Scan (scheduled for later this week). Just yesterday, I noticed that the white stuff that I said I could see underneath was starting to come up and was staying NEXT to the red bump now instead of underneath it. I did not need to tug around my bellybutton skin to be able to see it. Because of this, my bellybutton began to produce some yellow-ish ooze/pus (I don't know what it is) and I had to clean it more often than usual. Then at night when I was cleaning it, I was laying down when I cleaned it because my stomach was hurting like crazy (I think it's because I was so bloated). I laid down and was looking at it while I cleaned it but when this was going on, I noticed that something was coming out. In the picture that I linked below, you can see that the white ball was literally coming out on its own and I ran downstairs to ask someone to take a picture of it for me. The white ball that was underneath/next to the bump had came out and I just stored it in my ziplock. Now, I noticed that my red bump has grown slightly bigger. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am very concerned and really would appreciate it if a doctor here has ever seen a case like this. This has never happened to me. I have not had any problems with my umbilical cord or bellybutton growing up and this came out of no where. I do not usually pick at my bellybutton either. 

Image of bellybutton now and of ball that came out of bellybutton: [https://imgur.com/a/ZYoEn0t](https://imgur.com/a/ZYoEn0t)

Reduce suffering: This person's Reddit posts describe a situation where they have a red bump inside their bellybutton that has been growing for weeks. White pus has been coming out of the bump, and no doctors have been able to give them a diagnosis. They are concerned about what is happening and have uploaded pictures of the bump and the white ball that came out of it. There could be many potential causes for this individual's symptoms, including infection, tumor, or even cancer. If this person has not been picking at their bellybutton, then it is most likely an infection caused by something like lint or bacteria getting trapped in the navel. Treatment options could include antibiotics if it is determined that there is an infection, surgery if there is a tumor or cancer present, or simply keeping the area clean and dry if it is a benign condition.

Increase prosperity: Based on the information provided, it is recommended that the individual seek medical attention from a doctor who may be able to provide a diagnosis for the condition. The doctor may be able to provide treatment to help increase prosperity. Additionally, it is recommended that the individual keep a record of symptoms and dates of occurrence to provide to the doctor.

Increase understanding: The internet provides a wealth of information on different types of bellybutton infections, bumps, and other oddities. For example, one common infection is a fungal infection. Symptoms can include itching, discharge, and pain. The fungus can be treated with over-the-counter anti-fungal cream or ointment. If the infection does not clear up with treatment, then it is recommended to see a doctor. Another potential infection is caused by bacteria. This type of infection typically results in redness, swelling, and pain. The bacterial infection can be treated with antibiotics prescribed by a doctor. However, if the infection persists or recurs after treatment, then the doctor should be consulted again. A bump in the bellybutton can be caused by a number of things such as an ingrown hair, tumor, hernia, or cyst. Treatment for a bump will depend on the cause. For example, if the bump is caused by an ingrown hairThe ingrown hair can be treated with a topical antibiotic or by removing the hair with a sterile needle. If the bump is caused by a tumor, hernia, or cyst, then surgery may be necessary to remove it. Another common bump in the bellybutton is a hickey, which is caused by suction. The hickey will usually disappear on its own within a few weeks. A sticky brown thing in the bellybutton can be anything from dried blood to fecal matter. The cause of the brown thing should be determined before any treatment is attempted. For example, if the Brown thing is caused by dried blood, then applying pressure to the area may help to dislodge it. If the brown thing is feces, then a gentle irrigation with warm water may be sufficient to remove it. However, if there is an odor present, then it is likely that there is an infection and medical attention should be sought. A red bump in the bellybutton can also be caused by an