Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Red spot on grandson's face.
My grandson (boy) is 16 months old.  He lives a few states away.  I visited him the week of November 11.  I noticed a red spot on his face about the size of a pencil eraser.   My daughter just sent me a picture.   It's larger and rough.   Again, he is 16 months old, weighs 19 pounds and is 30 inches long.   He does not take any medication.  There are no other spots anywhere on his body,  he does not rub it or act like it bothers him in any way.   Anyone know what this is?

 [Red spot on grandson's face.](https://imgur.com/a/7FTUSZ3)

Reduce suffering: The redditor's grandson has a red spot on his face. The spot is larger and rougher than an eraser-sized spot and there are no other spots on his body. The redditor does not know what the spot is and asks for input from other users. The red spot could be caused by a number of things, such as allergies, a rash, or acne. If the grandson is taking no medication and there are no other symptoms, then it is likely that the spot is benign. However, if the grandson is exhibiting any other symptoms, such as itchiness or discomfort, then it is best to have him examined by a doctor.

Increase prosperity: If the red spot on your grandson's face is growing in size or changing in appearance, it is important to get it checked out by a doctor. While it is possible that the spot is nothing serious, it is better to be safe than sorry. Until you know more, try to keep your grandson away from any potential allergens, such as pollen or pet dander. If he is scratching or rubbing the spot, applying a topical cream or ointment may help relieve any discomfort.

Increase understanding: Red spots on a toddler's face can be caused by a variety of things, from simple irritation or pinkeye to more serious conditions like meningitis. In most cases, the cause is benign and can be treated with over-the-counter medication or home remedies. However, it's important to consult a doctor if the red spot does not disappear within a week or if it is accompanied by other symptoms like fever, vomiting, or seizures. Some of the most common causes of red spots on toddlers' faces are: -Irritation from cosmetics, lotions, or soap -Allergic reaction to something they ate or drank -Pinkeye (conjunctivitis) -Fever -MeningitisThe most common causes of red spots on toddlers' faces are: -Irritation from cosmetics, lotions, or soap -Allergic reaction to something they ate or drank -Pinkeye (conjunctivitis) -Fever -Meningitis