Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

[Serious] Gynecologists of Reddit: Why is the average gynecologist reluctant to pursue an endometriosis diagnosis/dismissive of pain?
Age: 27, female, 5’1. Endometriosis. Symptoms were extremely painful debilitating cramps during the first day of my cycle along with vomiting, fever, and almost passing out. 

I am one of many patients who have suffered endometriosis for YEARS before finally having enough and needing to find a specialist who would take my pain seriously and get me my diagnosis. This is such a common theme with woman with endo and it’s really sad. Extreme period cramps are not normal and shouldn’t be overlooked. Since I was 15 (diagnosed endo at 27) I have expressed my pain many times and the only answer they gave me was birth control. Once birth control was barely helping my pain, they only suggested me taking it to where I no longer get a period or get it every 3 months. I chose the 3 month option but I eventually asked for higher pain meds, since I did not wish to fully stop my period and naproxen barely helped me, and got denied as if I was some junkie just looking for pills. I’ve asked about the possibility of endo many times and got dismissed. They didnt want to do any surgeries unless I was ready for kids, which is ridiculous because it can continue to grow and cause serious permanent damage if not removed. It wasn’t until this year I had to find a specialist to get taken seriously, and she scheduled a lap for me right away without hesitation. Endo was found and removed via excision and for the first time in my life during my period, no more pain. My life was significantly changed after this, I felt like it was a miracle honestly. But why couldn’t this have been done years ago? I am just disappointed and feel like I was gaslighted this whole time, and this is so extremely common amongst others with endo. Is it lack of training? Do they want to just move on to the next patient? I’m genuinely curious.

Edit: I was not expecting this much engagement with this post, but thank you so much everyone who took the time to share your stories and opinions!! It’s so interesting to see everyone’s different views and experiences. And thank you so much for the silver and other awards!! You all are amazing! For those still struggling btw, you are strong, and you got this. Never ever give up on finding the treatment/diagnosis you deserve, and I mean that for any condition, not just endo.

Reduce suffering: This user suffers from endometriosis, a condition that is often dismissed by gynecologists. The user reports debilitating cramps, vomiting, fever, and almost passing out. The user has asked specialists about the possibility of endometriosis and has been dismissed. The user's quality of life was significantly changed after finally getting a diagnosis and surgery for endometriosis. The gynecologists dismissing the user's concerns may be due to a lack of training. They may also be unwilling to pursue a diagnosis because they want to move on to the next patient. The user's experience is unfortunately common for those with endometriosis. The gynecologists should be better trained in how to diagnose and treat endometriosis.

Increase prosperity: 1. Gynecologists should be properly trained in diagnosing and treating endometriosis. 2. Patients with extreme menstrual cramps should not be dismissed or overlooked. 3. If birth control is no longer helping to alleviate menstrual cramps, gynecologists should be open to other forms of treatment, such as surgery. 4. Patients should never give up on finding the treatment they deserve.

Increase understanding: Gynocologists of Reddit: experiences with diagnosing and treating endometriosis There seems to be a general consensus amongst gynecologists on Reddit that it can be difficult to diagnose and treat endometriosis. Many people have shared their experiences with going to various doctors in order to get a proper diagnosis, and many of them report having a difficult time getting their doctor to take their pain seriously. Some common symptoms of endometriosis include pain during or after sex, pain in the lower abdomen or pelvic area, and excessive bleeding. There is currently no cure for endometriosis, but there are treatments available. One such treatment is excision surgery, which is a surgical procedure that removes any endometrial tissue that may be found outside the uterus. If you are experiencing extreme pain and believe you may have endometriosis, it is important to see a specialist who can help you get properly diagnosed. You can ask your regular doctor for a referral, orGynocologists of Reddit: experiences with diagnosing and treating endometriosis There seem to be a general consensus amongst gynecologists on Reddit that it can be difficult to diagnose and treat endometriosis. Many people have shared their experiences with going to various doctors in order to get a proper diagnosis, and many of them report having a difficult time getting their doctor to take their pain seriously. Some common symptoms of endometriosis include pain during or after sex, pain in the lower abdomen or pelvic area, and excessive bleeding. There is currently no cure for endometriosis, but there are treatments available. One such treatment is excision surgery, which is a surgical procedure that removes any endometrial tissue that may be found outside the uterus. If you are experiencing extreme pain and believe you may have endometriosis, it is important to see a specialist who can help you get properly diagnosed. You can ask your regular doctor for a referral, or look for