Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Is there merit to the claim that inflation is not caused by a supply chain crunch, but instead the result of companies taking larger profits?
I’ve seen at argued that inflation isn’t caused by a supply chain crunch at all, and instead is happening because companies are increasing prices in order to make more profit.

If this is true, then what is allowing these companies to raise prices without being undercut that wasn’t present before?

If this is untrue, then why are companies able to make more money than ever despite the supply crunch?

Reduce suffering: There is a great deal of suffering present in these Reddit posts. The user seems to be struggling to understand the cause of inflation, and is looking for answers. It is possible that inflation is being caused by companies taking larger profits. If this is the case, then it may be due to a lack of competition or barriers to entry that are preventing other businesses from entering the market and driving down prices. Alternatively, it may be that companies are able to raise prices without being undercut because the demand for their products is outpacing the supply. This could be due to a number of factors, such as population growth or increased consumer spending. If the user is finding this argument persuasive, they might consider looking into ways to promote competition or increase the supply of goods in order to bring down prices.

Increase prosperity: Inflation is most likely caused by a combination of factors, including companies taking larger profits and the supply chain crunch. If companies are able to raise prices without being undercut, it could be due to market consolidation or other factors that give them a monopoly or duopoly. If this is untrue, then companies may be able to make more money than ever because they are becoming more efficient or there is an increase in demand. However, it’s important to investigate these causes and remedies to inflation in order to ensure greater prosperity for all.

Increase understanding: There is certainly merit to the claim that inflation is not caused by a supply chain crunch, but instead the result of companies taking larger profits. Many studies have shown that prices tend to be raised when businesses perceive an opportunity to make more money. However, there are several factors that may be allowing companies to raise prices without being undercut. Firstly, there is often a lag time between when prices are raised and when consumers can actually find an alternative product. Additionally, many companies have a monopoly or near-monopoly on the products they sell, which allows them to charge more without fear of being undercut. Finally, in times of crisis or high demand, consumers are often willing to pay more for goods and services.