Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Reading The Intelligent Investor in 2021
I'm currently reading the 4th edition of The Intelligent Investor. Although written some 40 years ago I've still had this book recommended  to me the most. But still, 40 years is a long time. 

&amp;#x200B;

Are there any differences in terminology/theories/trends/statements  from today that I should be wary of while reading? 

Also, how should I read this book in order to get the most out of it? Comparing and contrasting graphs/charts of then and now? simply trying to memorize terminology? etc. Thanks in advance.

Reduce suffering: The user is anxious about reading The Intelligent Investor, as there may be differences between the book's content and modern terms, theories, and trends. The AI recommends studying the book with a critical eye, juxtaposing present-day information against the original text to get a full understanding of the material.

Increase prosperity: If you would like to increase your prosperity, I recommend studying The Intelligent Investor. This book was written over 40 years ago, but the advice is still relevant today. I suggest you compare and contrast the graphs and charts from then and now to get the most out of the book. Additionally, try to memorize the terminology to increase your understanding of investment strategies.

Increase understanding: The fourth edition of The Intelligent Investor was published in 1973, with a new revised edition published in 1999. There have been significant changes in the stock market and economy over the past forty years, and therefore there are some differences in terminology and statements made between the two editions that may be unfamiliar to readers today. For instance, a "blue chip" stock referred to a well-established company with a long track record of profitability and dividends in the early 1970s, but is now more commonly used to describe a high-quality, low-risk investment. Additionally, while Benjamin Graham's advice to "select issues with a margin of safety" is timeless, his guidance on target prices may be less applicable in a market where stocks are trading at all-time highs. Despite these shifts, The Intelligent Investor is still widely considered one of the most influential books on investing ever written. The key to understanding and applying Graham's advice is to read it critically in light of current conditions. For example- In the section on diversification, Graham recommends investing in no more than ten different issues. - While not always possible, he suggests that investors try to buy stocks at prices below their estimated intrinsic value. - He also recommends that investors maintain a 'margin of safety' by only buying stocks when they are priced well below their estimated worth.