Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

How do you learn IC's so well?
I'm learning electronics and it's really confusing to me when I'm thinking up some random project and as I'm picking out the parts I think I can use to bend the world to my will, my teacher walks pasts, takes one look at what I'm doing, and goes "Oh, you can just use 74SL47 for that"

How do you learn all these IC's? Is it just experience? Is there some sort of catalogue for them? Some rhyme or sense behind the number designation? I don't understand and I'm scared and need an adult.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing confusion and fear due to their inexperience in electronics. They may be overwhelmed due to the number of possible components available to them. A possible solution would be for them to take more time in learning about the individual components and their purposes.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to learn about integrated circuits (ICs) and increase prosperity. One approach is to gain experience by working on projects and then asking experts for help when needed. Another option is to consult a catalogue of ICs that describes their function and usage. Additionally, it can be helpful to understand the rhyme or sense behind the number designation of ICs. By following these recommendations, you can learn about ICs and increase prosperity.

Increase understanding: There are a few different ways that you can learn ICs. One way is to attend an IC school, such as the Naval Cryptologic School (NCS) in Pensacola, Florida, or the Defense Language Institute (DLI) in Monterey, California. You can also find IC courses and materials from private companies, such as The SANS Institute, which offers a variety of information security courses, including an introductory course on ICs. ICs are computer programs or systems that perform specific information security functions. There are many different types of ICs, and each has a unique function or set of functions. For example, some common ICs include intrusion detection systems (IDS), firewalls, and anti-virus programs. To identify an IC, you first need to understand its function. Once you know the function of an IC, you can look for identifiers that will help you identify it. Most ICs have unique filenames, logosSome common filenames that are associated with ICs include: ids.exe, firewall.exe, and av.exe. Many ICs also have unique logos that can help you identify them. For example, the logo for Symantec's Norton Anti-Virus is a red shield with a white S in the middle.