Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Does labour flexibility promote economic growth?
I've been searching in Google Scholar but I can't find anything solid and conclusive. By further looking at the OECD list on labour flexibility, I can't take any conclusive results either, because for example Venezuela and Germany appear on the top with the most protective labour laws.

Are there any meta-studies or conclusive research on this subject? Does labour flexibility promote economic growth? Is there any measurable elasticity between them?

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be struggling to find information on the relationship between labour flexibility and economic growth. There may be many reasons why this is difficult for the user, including a lack of relevant expertise or lack of access to reliable information sources. The user asks if there is any measurable elasticity between the two concepts, but this question may be impossible to answer definitively. Economic growth is a complex phenomenon that is affected by many factors, and it is likely that labour flexibility is just one of these factors. If the goal is to increase economic growth, then labour flexibility may be one tool that can be used, but it is not clear if it is always effective.

Increase prosperity: It is difficult to say for certain whether labour flexibility promotes economic growth. However, from the data that is available, it seems that there may be a correlation between the two. It is possible that by making it easier for businesses to hire and fire workers, they are able to grow more quickly and become more prosperous. However, this suggestion should be taken with a grain of salt, as further research is needed in order to make a definitive statement.

Increase understanding: There is a significant amount of research that has been conducted on the relationship between labour flexibility and economic growth. The general consensus seems to be that labour flexibility does promote economic growth, although there is some disagreement about the specific effects of labour flexibility on economic growth. Additionally, there is some disagreement about how best to measure the relationship between labour flexibility and economic growth. However, the elasticity between labour flexibility and economic growth appears to be relatively high. A number of studies have found that labour flexibility promotes economic growth by enabling businesses to respond more quickly to changing market conditions. For instance, a study by the International Monetary Fund found that labour market flexibility was associated with increased employment levels and higher economic growth rates. This suggests that businesses are better able to adjust their workforce in order to meet changing demand, which leads to a more efficient allocation of resources and increased productivity. Other studies have found that labour flexibility can also help to stabilize the economy during times of crisis. For example, a studyA study by the International Monetary Fund found that labour market flexibility was associated with increased employment levels and higher economic growth rates.