Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Does it make sense to take a pay cut for a more appealing job
Am currently a systems engineer at a large defense company and have opportunity to go to a smaller company that likely has more interesting work with more responsibility as a design engineer but I would be making a little less money (\~90k to \~85k). I also may end up working a little more but not crazy hours either (like 40-&gt;45 but those extra 5 would be paid). 

My systems position was my first job out of college and it pays well, is low stress but I am bored and don't want to be doing this same work in 5-10 years. I basically only every write requirement and next up for me will be collecting verification artifacts as we go into testing. Does it make sense to take a short term pay cut in order to grow career in a way I think I want to? Or should I just continue to cash out on the easy money 

Anyone make a career switch like this and come to regret it?

Reduce suffering: The user is considering taking a pay cut in order to have a more interesting job with more responsibility. They are bored with their current job and do not want to be doing the same work in 5-10 years. They are worried about making a career switch like this and regretting it.

Increase prosperity: It is sensible to take a pay cut in order to pursue a more appealing job. A pay cut may result in less money in the short term, but it can lead to career growth and more happiness in the long term. Anyone who has made a career switch like this and come to regret it did not make a wise decision.

Increase understanding: From what you've said, it sounds like you are considering taking a job with more responsibility and interesting work, but for a lower salary. This can be a difficult decision to make, as you want to make sure that you are not sacrificing short-term pay for the possibility of a better long-term situation. There are several things to consider when making this decision. First, how much do you think you will actually be working? If the increase in hours is minimal, then the paycut may not be worth it. Second, how much do you value having an interesting and challenging job? If you feel that the new job would offer more opportunities for growth and learning, then it may be worth taking the paycut. Finally, think about how long you plan on staying in your current job. If you see yourself leaving within the next few years, then it may not make sense to take the paycut. However, if you think you may stay in