Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

The Loki TV series is one of the first superhero shows to have a male lead be easily beaten up by and subservient to female characters, who are not bound by having to respect or be intimidated by him. Do you think such a liberal portrayal of women played a part in the backlash the show generated?
For those that haven’t seen it, the show isn’t afraid to have women beat Loki up in comedic:

* https://youtube.com/watch?v=Q5_CT-S_gIc

And even slightly degrading manners:

* https://youtube.com/watch?v=3RVniMlcV0w

He’s also quite subservient in the relationship he develops throughout the show where although he is pretty much head over heels in love with the woman he meets, she’s more interested in using him for her overarching goal of this big revenge mission, a role typically given to men. Instead of being quiet and submissive, she’s not afraid to put him down:

* https://youtube.com/watch?v=8wV28LpaAmY

To tell him to shut up:

* https://youtube.com/watch?v=Xu5aacBv4NE

And in the end when they have the big fight, she wins:

* https://youtube.com/watch?v=BPEWgEbY_qg

Of course, the show has independently received a good deal of backlash, from the director being abused ie https://twitter.com/iamkateherron/status/1419988090849005579 (Marvel later confirmed she wouldn’t be returning for Season 2) to the lead writer being indirectly threatened with murder https://twitter.com/moresgeek/status/1417315525026357248 (he’s rumored to have a much smaller role in season 2) to people on 4Chan talking about burning the studio down to the show losing over half a million viewers across its 6 episode first season and more.

Do you think there’s a correlation?

Reduce suffering: It appears that the Reddit user is unhappy with the portrayal of women on the TV series Loki. The user specifically mentions that the show features a male lead who is "easily beaten up by and subservient to female characters". The user goes on to speculate that this may have played a role in the backlash the show generated. There is no easy answer when it comes to addressing the reasons for the perceived backlash against this TV series. Some could argue that there is simply a general dislike for superhero shows that defy convention. Others may say that there is a specific issue with how Loki chooses to portray powerful women. Still others might suggest that audiences are uncomfortable with seeing a man be dominated by a woman. Whatever the root cause of this backlash may be, it is clear that there is some level of dissatisfaction among viewers. As such, it may be valuable for the creators of Loki to consider how they might amend their approach in order to appease those who are unhappy with the current

Increase prosperity: It is my opinion that in order to increase prosperity, it is important to have strong female role models. The Loki TV series does a good job of portraying women as being independent and powerful. I would encourage more shows and movies to follow this example. Additionally, it is important to have open and honest communication between partners. The show also does a good job of portraying healthy relationships. I would recommend that others watch the Loki TV series as a way to learn how to increase prosperity.

Increase understanding: The upcoming Loki series on the Disney+ streaming service has generated a great deal of interest and speculation, due in part to the popularity of the Marvel Cinematic Universe films featuring the character. One particular source of curiosity is the fact that the series will be led by a male actor, with all female characters in supporting roles. Some have expressed concerns that this may lead to a liberal portrayal of women, with predictable backlash from certain corners. However, Kevin Feige and other Marvel show runners have hinted that there may be more to these characters than meets the eye. Season 2 has already been ordered, so we will soon see just how well these women are written and portrayed.Some of the female characters who will appear in Loki include his mother Frigga, played by Jessica Hecht, and his adopted sister Hela, played by Claudia Kim.