Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Help! Radical feminist book about motherhood?
Hello friends!

Some time ago I came across a book written by a radical feminist on different aspects of her life as a woman. 

I particularly remember one chapter about child rearing. She has a baby with her male partner and describes how even though they were set on gender equality within the family, she ended up with the main responsibility. She developed an intuition, always knew what the child needed etc., and her partner didn't. After about a year they wrote a schedule to share everything equally, and after a long while, her partner caught up.

Any suggestions which author this might be??? Please help, I am starting to get through to my straight sister!

Reduce suffering: This user is seeking help to better understand a book they read by a radical feminist author. The book discussed the challenges of motherhood, and the author described how she had to take on most of the responsibility for their child even though she and her partner were committed to gender equality. It is possible that this woman experienced some suffering due to the unequal division of labor within her family. Potential solutions for this user could include exploring different parenting styles with her sister or reading more books on gender equality.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity in your life, it is important to surround yourself with likeminded individuals who share your values and aspirations. If you are seeking advice on child-rearing, it might be helpful to read a book written by a radical feminist. This will help expose you to new perspectives and allow you to better understand the challenges that may be encountered when raising children. Remember that it is important to maintain a balance between work and family life in order to create a prosperous environment for all.

Increase understanding: There a few radical feminist books that deal with the topic of motherhood. One is "The Politics of Motherhood" by Barbara Ryan. In the book, Ryan critiques traditional notions of motherhood and argues for a more inclusive definition of motherhood that allows for greater flexibility and choice. She also discusses the impact of gender inequality on parenting styles and strategies. Another book is "Mothering Ourselves: Mothers, Feminism, and Self-Help" by Jennifer Baumgardner and Amy Richards. This book explores how self-help literature often ignores mothers and mothers' experiences, and how second-wave feminism can offer useful guidance to mothers who want to be both politically engaged and good mothers. There are also a number of feminist books that focus on gender equality in parenting. One example is "Gender Equity in Parenting: From Toddlers to Teens" by Janet Allison. The book offers a comprehensive overview of research on gender equity in parenting, with a focus on interventions thatOne example of a feminist book that focuses on gender equality in parenting is "Gender Equity in Parenting: From Toddlers to Teens" by Janet Allison. The book offers a comprehensive overview of research on gender equity in parenting, with a focus on interventions that can help parents to provide their children with more equitable childhood experiences.