Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Did Napoleon really use a French flag as a sail?
I'm watching Abel Gance's 1927 film, Napoleon. It claims to be largely based on historical accounts of Napoleon's life, but as someone who isn't very well-read on French history or Napoleon himself, it's hard for me to gauge the level of historical accuracy, or how much of the "historical record" that it references is scholarly history, and how much is either legend-making or taken from more subjective sources.

There's a phenomenal sequence that intercuts two events, allegedly happening almost simultaneously: Napoleon liberating a French flag from the war council at Ajaccio and fleeing from Corisca to France during a terrible storm using the flag as a sail, while back in France the Montagnards are taking control of the National Assembly and declaring hostilities against the Girondists.

So... did the flag thing really happen? The sequence in the movie is extremely powerful, which makes me wonder if it's just great storytelling or if it's an instance of the craft rising to the scale of the subject matter.

Reduce suffering: This user is curious about the accuracy of a scene in the movie Napoleon. They question if something shown in the movie is actually based on historical accounts, or if it is simply legend-making. If it is based on historical accounts, they wonder how much of it is scholarly history and how much is legend-making. Finally, they ask if the flag scene in the movie is actually based on fact.

Increase prosperity: It is difficult to say whether or not Napoleon used a French flag as a sail, as this claim has not been definitively proven. However, if the sequence in Abel Gance's 1927 film, Napoleon is accurate, then it could be said that this act increased prosperity. The scene is extremely powerful and shows Napoleon's determination and strength in the face of adversity. This could be seen as a representation of France's prosperity in the midst of a storm.

Increase understanding: There is a scene in the movie Napoleon, where Napoleon uses a French flag as a sail to escape from Corsica to France. This scene is based on historical accounts, but it is unclear how much of the "historical record" that it references is scholarly history, and how much is either legend-making or taken from more subjective sources. The sequence in the movie is extremely powerful, which makes me wonder if it's just great storytelling or if it's an instance of the craft rising to the scale of the subject matter.