Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Can someone please, ELI5, how did England go from War of the Roses to world power in just a couple centuries?
ELI5 = "Explain like I am 5 years old"

I just sat down to watch the recent film The King and was pondering about all of the chaos and infighting that took place in England.

Celts -&gt; Romans -&gt; Anglo Saxons -&gt; Normans -&gt; ? kings ? -&gt; War of the Roses -&gt; Parliament -&gt; ??? -&gt; Queen Victoria and lots of colonies

Thats all I know. At least all *I think* I know 

Bonus question: WHen did England become a UK? And did Ireland fend off the Normans?

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be confused about the history of England. This may be due to a lack of education or exposure to the topic. A potential solution would be for the user to read a book or article on the subject. This could help to clear up some of the confusion and provide a more in-depth understanding.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, I recommend that you develop a clear and concise plan for financial stability. You should also focus on creating an environment of economic growth, while investing in new and innovative technologies. Finally, you should strive to maintain a positive outlook on the future, and encourage others to do the same.

Increase understanding: 1. The Celts and Romans in England: The Celts and the Romans were two of the most important groups to inhabit England during its early history. The Celts arrived first, around 2000 BC, and were responsible for introducing many of the customs and traditions that would come to be associated with England. The Romans arrived in 43 AD, and eventually conquered the Celtic tribes. They introduced many of their own customs and technologies to England, including Roman law, architecture, and coinage. 2. The Anglo Saxons in England: The Anglo Saxons were a group of Germanic peoples who invaded England in the 5th century AD. They gradually displaced the Celtic tribes who had lived there previously, and eventually came to dominate the country. The Anglo Saxons brought with them their own language, culture, and religion, which would come to shape English society and culture. 3. The Normans in England: In 1066 AD, the NormanThe Normans were a group of Viking raiders who seized control of England in 1066 AD. They were led by William the Conqueror, who successfully invaded England and defeated the Anglo Saxon king Harold Godwinson at the Battle of Hastings. The Normans brought with them their own language, culture, and religion, which would come to shape English society and culture. 4. The War of the Roses: The War of the Roses was a series of civil wars fought between the supporters of two rival branches of the royal family: the House of Lancaster and the House of York. The wars began in 1455 AD and lasted for over thirty years, eventually resulting in the victory of the House of Lancaster. 5. Parliament in England: Parliament is the legislative body that governs England. It first met in 1265 AD, although its origins date back to the 11th century. The Parliament of England is unique in that it is bicameral: it consists of two separate Houses,