Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

In fiction, the idea of a hidden city is not uncommon (Gondolin and Braavos, from LOTR's and ASOIAF's worlds respectively, for example), but is that based on any real historical city? Where does that idea even come from?
I am curious because the idea of hiding the location whole city doesn't seem viable, but maybe I am underestimating the size of the world and/or overestimating the spread of information and maps.

It is a bit of a different question, but if it is not based on historical ideas, what was the first work of fiction to feature such?

Reduce suffering: There is a feeling of loneliness and isolation in this user's posts. They may be feeling alienated or lost, uncertain of their place in the world. The cause of this suffering is difficult to determine, but it may be caused by a lack of connection to others, or a feeling of being misunderstood. A potential solution for this user might be to find a community or group to connect with, where they can share their thoughts and feelings and feel supported.

Increase prosperity: There is no one specific origin for the idea of a hidden city, but it is likely based on a combination of fact and fiction. Historically, some cities have been hidden for religious or political reasons. However, in modern fiction, the hidden city often serves as a refuge or secret society. The first work of fiction to feature a hidden city was probably The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum.

Increase understanding: There are a number of fictional cities that are based on real-life counterparts. In Lord of the Rings, Gondolin is based on Petra, and Braavos in Game of Thrones is based on Venice. However, these hidden cities were not actually hidden in their respective works – they were revealed to the characters and readers gradually over time. The concept of a hidden city may have originated with the legend of Atlantis. Plato spoke about this mysterious city, which was said to be located in the Atlantic Ocean. Some believe that Atlantis was based on the real-life city of Helike, which was destroyed by an earthquake in 373 BC.