Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Are PiPs just an excuse to fire? [NY]
Just to be brief: I have a record of high performance in quota carrying roles that is well documented. I was hired six months ago into a new sales role. I discovered I was pregnant my first week on the job. I have been brutally sick since the start of my pregnancy, and am considered disabled. All is documented with HR with appropriate medical letters. I have been held to a quota since the start of November, and have not made full quota the past two months. I had to claim some ADA accommodations, and two weeks after formally doing so was put on a PiP.

I do not know how to proceed. The performance issues are a direct result of the disability, but quota is an essential aspect of the role. My direct supervisors have been encouraging and seem sincere that they want me on the team and just need me to show improvement. They implied that they were being pressured from company stakeholders above them. I really like my company and would like to work off the PiP, but other people are telling me my bosses are just covering their asses to fire me. My medical team was especially pissed when they learned the PiP had come two weeks after the ADA claim. My doctor wants me to be put on STD because I need more intensive care, but now we are both worried about retaliation.

Should I be looking for another job? Or should I take my bosses at face value? The whole situation is pretty terrible because I am due in April.

UPDATE: I wanted to update everyone who was kind enough to reply or may be generally interested. I spoke with a law office today and feel much more hopeful. They explained that by the standards of my state I would be entitled to unemployment unless fired for “gross misconduct”, which would *not* include not meeting quota. I would also be able to get Medicaid and WIC. My area also has a wealth of food banks and other social supports that I would qualify for. I’m lucky enough to have 0 debt right now, and enough available credit to put expenses not covered by UI and savings. So I no longer feel jumping off a bridge is my only option. The person at the law office said to participate with the PiP in good faith at this point, and to carefully document everything. She also said to focus on the immediate future and getting better. Thanks again to everyone who offered advice.

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing suffering due to her situation at work. It appears that she was hired into a new role and then discovered she was pregnant, which made her disabled according to her HR department. Despite her disability, she has been held to a quota since November and has not met it the past two months. She has since filed paperwork for ADA accommodations, but two weeks after doing so was put on a PiP. The user is unclear what to do because meeting quota is an essential part of the role, but her disability prevents her from doing so. The user's doctors are concerned about retaliation if she takes too much leave. It is recommended that the user speak with an attorney about unemployment benefits and other social supports available to her in her state. The user should also continue to document everything that happens at work, in case there are any retaliatory actions taken against her.

Increase prosperity: There are many things that can be done to increase prosperity. In this particular case, the individual should focus on getting better and document everything. They should also participate with the PiP in good faith. If they feel that they are being unfairly treated, they should speak with a law office. There are many resources available to them, and they should take advantage of them.

Increase understanding: If you have been fired from your job and are now unemployed, you may be wondering how to get unemployment benefits. In most cases, unemployment benefits are available to workers who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own. However, if you were fired for gross misconduct, you may be disqualified from receiving benefits. What is considered gross misconduct varies from state to state, but generally includes serious violations of workplace policies or rules. For example, firing someone for coming to work intoxicated or for stealing from the company would likely be considered gross misconduct. In addition to unemployment benefits, there are a number of social supports available in most areas that can help you while you are unemployed. These include food stamps, Medicaid, and public housing. To find out what programs are available in your area, contact your local social services agency.The definition of "gross misconduct" varies from state to state, but typically includes serious violations of workplace policies or rules. For example, coming to work intoxicated or stealing from the company are usually considered gross misconduct.