Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

[CA] I asked for a standing desk and now I’m off of work, what work status is that considered?
This Wednesday, I had asked my office job if they offered standing desks. They told me they couldn’t accommodate me. I’ve had a dr’s note and I didn’t disclose to them what diagnosis I had, though they did try to ask that day. It’s frustrating because I am more than capable of doing my job but I do understand they have their rules. She mentioned in their rule book that their employees need to be capable of working without restrictions, which was weird because I have had this same note since October. I am unsure what changed from then up until now that I asked them if they provide standing desks. I even offered to pay for it myself since they said it was too expensive and they refused that as a liability that other coworkers could hurt themselves walking by it. 

HR told me to file for short term disability on the EDD site and to return to work with a doctors note stating that I am cleared of all restrictions. She also said I have the option to quit and that she would fill out the paperwork so that I could receive unemployment. Is this true? To my understanding, I can’t get unemployment if I quit. I asked her if I’m being fired and she said no, that I need to focus on getting myself better and to return to work when I’m okay. 

This condition doesn’t really have a recovery, there are flare ups and I usually go to the Dr at that point and I’m in physical therapy every other week. I am capable of sitting for periods of time, obviously with pain and some days are worse than others, but I figured I could ask for a desk and thought the worst they could say is no. My restrictions are technically over next month. Why did they send me home when they could have waited until January when I was cleared of these restrictions?

Now I’m off work and I don’t have any sick or vacation time. I know if you don’t show up to work a certain amount of days it’s considered quitting. The EDD claim takes a while and by then it will already be January when my restrictions are up. I also read that short term disability doesn’t guarantee they will have my job for me when I’m back. I don’t know what this is now, it’s not sick leave. It’s like an involuntary unpaid leave? And the whole if you’re gone for 3 days you need a sick note. Can they wait it out on their end and say that I’ve quit? It really just feels like I’ve been fired. At this point I’d rather find a company that offers a standing desk, but I don’t want anything bad to be on my record. Any advice is appreciated as I’m not familiar about the laws from what I’ve been frantically googling, thank you.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user is experiencing a great deal of suffering. They are struggling with an illness that has caused them to be off work and they are unclear of their employment status. The user also reports feeling frustration and confusion. It is possible that the user's illness is causing them pain that limits their ability to work. It is also possible that the company's rules have changed since the user first contacted them about a standing desk. The company may be unwilling to provide a standing desk for the user, citing liability concerns. The user could explore their options for unemployment or sick leave if they decide to quit their job. If they decide to stay with the company, they could pursue a doctors note stating that they are cleared for all restrictions.

Increase prosperity: 1. Advocate for yourself by talking to your employer about your needs. Explain that you are capable of doing your job, but you need a standing desk to improve your health. 2. If your employer is unwilling to provide a standing desk, offer to pay for it yourself. 3. File for short term disability on the EDD website if you are unable to work due to your health condition. 4. Keep a positive attitude and focus on getting better so that you can return to work when you are able.

Increase understanding: 1) "standing desks and accommodations in the workplace" There are a number of different types of accommodations that an employer can offer an employee in order to facilitate a disability. This can include, but is not limited to, making adjustments to the work environment, modifying the equipment an employee uses, or providing special seating arrangements. If you need an accommodation in order to do your job, you should speak with your supervisor about what might be possible. In California, there are specific laws that require employers to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities. The Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) both outline employer obligations with respect to disability accommodation. If you believe that your employer is not providing adequate accommodation, you may have grounds to file a complaint. 2) "employee accommodation laws in California" In California, there are a number of laws that require employers to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities. TheThe Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) are both Federal laws that outline employer obligations with respect to disability accommodation. The California Family Rights Act (CFRA) is a state law that provides similar protections for employees who need time off to care for a family member with a disability. If you believe that your employer is not providing adequate accommodation, you may have grounds to file a complaint. 3) "California unemployment eligibility" In order to be eligible for unemployment benefits in California, you must meet a number of requirements. To begin with, you must have earned at least $1,300 in wages in the 18 months prior to your claim. You must also be able, available, and actively seeking work. If you meet these criteria, you can file a claim online or by phone. In order to determine eligibility, the California Employment Development Department (EDD) will review your work history and earnings. They will also look at