Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

[TX] Would it be acceptable for me to go to HR regarding my managers absence from work?
I was on vacation from November 13-17 and on my first day of vacation, he called out because his son had tested positive for covid. He was supposed to return to work on 11/30/2021 which was extended to 12/21/2021. On 12/21/2021, he didn’t show up to work. 

Our area manager called and explained that I would be working this (my) store from open-close every day (6 days a week) until my manager returns because we are currently short-staffed. I asked him when my manager is supposed to return or if we’re just supposed to wait around for him to finally speak up and say something (keep in mind I haven’t even HEARD from him since I was on my way back from my Vacation on November 17th. I haven’t even received a text since then). Area Manager said that unfortunately, we just have to wait around because we are not allowed to be in contact / discuss work with anybody on covid leave at all. 

My patience has worn through for this long ago. The timing of this is just all to convenient. To be gone from the week before Thanksgiving through the New Year is such a convenient circumstance for him. My manager has four kids and in the past, he hasn’t been one to shy away from calling in or leaving early because one of them wasn’t feeling well. 

I wish I had more information but just about everything I know about this situation is something that I had to pry from employees at other locations or our Area Manager. I feel that I have been left completely in the dark regarding all matters pertaining to this. 

Would I be justified in going to HR to file a complaint, or would it be seen as unreasonable because covid can be so unpredictable?

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user is feeling frustrated and abandoned by their manager who has been absent from work since early December. Theuser speculates that the manager's absence is due to their son having contracted Covid-19, but they have no confirmation of this. They are angry that they are now working 6 days a week at their store while their manager is on an extended leave. The user recommends talking to HR as a potential solution.

Increase prosperity: If you are experiencing issues with your manager, it may be appropriate to speak with HR. It is important to remember that there are many potential meanings for the term "prosperity," and what may be desirable or satisfactory for one individual may not be so for another. In this case, it may be appropriate to seek assistance in order to ensure that you are thriving in your workplace.

Increase understanding: Yes, you can contact your manager while on Covid leave. According to the New York Times, "Managers can ask employees who have been told to work from home to check in regularly, but they cannot require that they do anything more than what they are already doing." Some companies are also offering the opportunity for employees to speak with their managers via video call. If your manager is absent due to Covid, you may be able to take on additional duties or absorb some of their duties in order to help cover the absence. You should always consult with a manager or supervisor before making any changes to your work duties. Your rights as an employee may vary depending on the state in which you work and the type of workplace you are in. Generally speaking, employees are allowed to take unpaid time off for illness or quarantine if they have been diagnosed with Covid or if they have been exposed to someone with Covid. Some states are also allowing employees to take paidThere is no one-size-fits-all answer to this question, as the rights of employees vary depending on the state in which they work and the type of workplace they are in. However, in general, employees are allowed to take unpaid time off for illness or quarantine if they have been diagnosed with Covid or if they have been exposed to someone with Covid. Some states are also allowing employees to take paid time off for these reasons.