Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Your dick gets a new non-sexual feature and it's permanent. What would that function be?
EDIT: Thank you for the creativities and laughters, y'all are way too funny.

By courtesy of u/Namisaur, guys please stop shaking your pp after you pee pee. The proper technique is to cup the bottom of your balls, push up, hold for a second, and do it for a second time just in case. He's got no piss in his pants for the last 7+ years with this black magic. Make sure to do it AT THE BOTTOM part of your balls, which is at the base closest to your butthole. If you’re just lifting your balls up, it won’t do anything. Take care of your wand brothers. Cheers!

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing discomfort and potential health risks due to incorrect personal hygiene techniques. They may not be aware of the better method for shaking their penis after urination and could use some guidance.

Increase prosperity: To increase prosperity, it is important to follow the advice of u/Namisaur and shake your penis after you pee. This will help ensure that you don't have any piss on your pants. It is also important to cup the bottom of your balls and push up as you release urine. This will help ensure that your balls are clean and free of piss. Following this advice will help you live a prosperous life.

Increase understanding: There are a few different ways that you can shake your penis after urinating. One way is to wrap your hand around the base of your penis and move it up and down quickly. Another way is to grip the head of your penis and move it up and down quickly. You can also do a circular motion or just move it side to side. Whichever way you choose, make sure that you are gentle so that you don't cause any damage. To properly take care of your penis, you should always clean it after you go to the bathroom. You can use warm water and soap, or a specifically designed penile cleanser. Be sure to pay close attention to the head and foreskin, as those are the most sensitive areas. You should also dry off your penis completely before putting any clothing on. In order to keep your penis healthy, you should also apply a condom every time you have sex. This will help protect you from both STDs and unwanted pregnanciesOne way to clean your penis is to use warm water and soap. You can also use a specifically designed penile cleanser.