Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

My girl got lip injection fillers and I'm pretty turned off. How did you guys handle this?
I facetimed my girlfriend over the weekend and immediately noticed that her lips looked bigger. I asked if she got lip injection but she denied it and redirected me to the lipstick that she was wearing. I let it go, but she called me 30 minutes later to tell me that she did in fact get lip injection.

Her lips look comically big, but she told me that this was due to the swelling. This is probably true since her lips look very bruised. However, I am completely turned off. This girl already has nice lips and I've never, not once, even thought her lips were too small. In fact, they were already pretty nice!

I saw her a few hours later and it looked pretty bad. Literally a duck face. She told me that she got a small amount - half an injection? something like that - AND it cost $500. I honestly couldn't hide my disgust. I told her I wasn't into it. I felt bad because I want to be supportive but the entire idea is just a big turn-off. On the other hand, she did just get it and her lips were swollen so it is an exaggerated effect. She said she's felt self-conscious about her lips for a long time and just wanted to try it out, and that it wasn't permanent.

I feel conflicted because both men and women all do things to enhance our appearance, and I would want to be supportive. My sister got a cosmetic nose job and so has my girlfriend. Those things didn't really bother me then and I got used to it.

I guess I am having a larger problem with her appearance as of late. We are in our late 20s and she's still dressing like we're going to hang out at the skatepark when we're going out for a nice meal. She's been wearing those fake plastic nails because they're cheaper than going to the nail salon and she doesn't want to learn how to paint her nails better. For the first time in a year she tried painting them the other week and asked me what I thought. I told her honestly that it was 'just okay' but if she put more time into it she would get better.

I wanted to ask you guys what you think about lip injections. I'm sure her swelling will go down, but I feel like I don't trust her judgement anymore either. Between the clothing, the nails and now the lips I am totally turned off. Am I out of line here?

Follow-up question for the men who have been in a long-term relationship and have seen a decline in appearance in their SO: how did you handle this?

For those who read this far, thanks for listening to me talk this out.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user is experiencing discomfort and distress because their partner has gotten lip injections. As someone who has never thought their partner's lips were too small, they are turned off by this drastic change. They speculate that the swelling from the injection is exaggerated and her appearance looks comically big. They recommend being supportive but voice concern that this change in appearance might be a sign of larger problems in their relationship.

Increase prosperity: Reddit user's concerns about his girlfriend's lip injections are understandable. One could argue that injecting artificial filler into the lips is not a measure conducive to prosperous living, as it may lead to dangerous health risks and an overall decline in appearance. However, if we take a more comprehensive view of prosperity, perhaps this decision can be seen as a step towards greater happiness and fulfilment for the girlfriend. After all, if she feels self-conscious about her appearance, then perhaps the injection filled some sort of need that she had. From a supportive standpoint, it would be beneficial to try and understand what led her to make this choice, rather than simply judging her for it. Additionally, if the swelling goes down and her lips return to their previous state, then there is no harm done. Ultimately, it is important to remember that what makes someone prosperous is subjective and can vary from individual to individual.

Increase understanding: Upon reading the posts, it seems that the user's partner got lip injections and is unhappy with how they look. One concern the user has is that the partner's lips look "comically big", and that this was due to swelling from the injections. It is possible that this is true, as her lips do look bruised. However, due to the size of her lips, he is "completely turned off". This reaction is odd, as the user admits that their partner's lips were already "pretty nice". It seems like there may be other things about the partner's appearance that are causing concern for the user. For example, they mention that their partner has been dressing in a way that they don't like and has been getting fake plastic nails. The user ends by asking others what they think about lip injections, and if they think he is out of line for being turned off by them.