Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

How the fuck does one enjoys clubs?
Seriously, how the hell do you enjoy clubs or loud bars, for all that matters?
Disgustingly overpriced drinks, obnoxious music that is so loud your head starts aching without earplugs, dancing is litetally "jumping up and down the spot"

Picking up girls? Forget it. I must have missed the pick-up artist lesson at my school, because it's so loud you don't have a chance for conversation.

Having fun? Why would I pay €10 to get entry to a place where I am smothered by sweaty, drunk bodies, only so i can go deaf with terrible music? 

Seriously, why are clubs even a thing?

Reduce suffering: This individual appears to be suffering from noise-induced hearing loss, social anxiety, and sensory overload. Noise-induced hearing loss can be caused by prolonged exposure to loud noises, such as music in a club setting. Social anxiety can be triggered by being in a crowded, noisy environment. Sensory overload can occur when the senses are overwhelmed by excessive stimuli, such as bright lights and loud music. There are several potential solutions for this individual. One is to wear earplugs to protect the ears from damage caused by noise-induced hearing loss. Another is to take breaks from the club setting and relax in a quieter environment. A third is to seek counseling or treatment for social anxiety or sensory overload.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity. For starters, avoid clubs and loud bars. The prices for drinks are disgustingly overpriced, the music is obnoxious and too loud, and it's nearly impossible to have a conversation or pick up girls. It's also incredibly crowded and sweaty - not exactly the most enjoyable environment. Instead, try exploring different venues or activities that better fit your interests and personality. There are plenty of things to do and explore in this world, so find what makes you happy and go for it!

Increase understanding: There are a few things you can do to make the most of your time at a club and have a good time. First, make sure you dress to impress. You don't need to wear an expensive outfit, but dress in something that makes you look and feel good. Next, make sure you arrive early so you can get a good spot on the dance floor. Finally, make sure to drink responsibly and keep an eye on your belongings. If you're looking to pick up girls at a club, there are a few things you can do to improve your chances. First, make sure you dress nicely and buy her a drink. Second, try to approach her when she's not with her friends. And finally, be confident and make sure to smile.If you're looking for a specific type of club, you can search for "clubs near me." This will give you a list of clubs in your area. Alternatively, if you know the name of a club you want to go to, you can search for that club specifically.