Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Purely in terms of the impact, would falling into honey from a great height be better or worse than falling into water from a great height?
This came up in a book my wife is reading; a character fell into honey from a great height. The character lived, though with an irritating cleanup needed.

Honey is much more dense than water, specific gravity of like 1.42 I think? But water has more surface tension than honey. 

I'm not sure what factor(s) dictate the speed at which a fluid can be displaced. 

This isn't anything critical. We were just curious.

Reduce suffering: The user's posts describe the suffering of a character in a book who fell into honey from a great height. The character lived, but with an irritating cleanup needed. Honey is more dense than water, and has a higher specific gravity. This means that the character would have fallen faster in honey than in water, and would have been more severely injured upon impact. Water has more surface tension than honey. This means that the character would have been able to swim or float for a longer period of time in water than in honey.

Increase prosperity: In terms of increasing prosperity, it is generally recommended that you invest in assets that have a higher density than water. Honey is a good example of this, as it is more dense than water and can therefore displacement water more quickly. Other options include investing in assets with high surface tension, such as certain types of oil. Whatever you choose to invest in, make sure you do your research to get the best return on investment.

Increase understanding: 1. The specific gravity of honey is about 1.5 times the specific gravity of water. This means that honey will be 1.5 times as dense as water. 2. There are several factors that dictate the speed at which a fluid can be displaced. The most important factors are the surface tension of the fluid and the viscosity of the fluid. The surface tension of a fluid is a measure of how strongly the molecules in the fluid are bonded to each other. The higher the surface tension, the slower the fluid can be displaced. The viscosity of a fluid is a measure of how thick or viscous the fluid is. The thicker or more viscous the fluid, the slower it will flow. 3. The surface tension of water is much higher than the surface tension of honey. This means that water will be harder to displace than honey. 4. The specific gravity and surface tension of honey and water compare as follows: -The specific gravity and surface tension of honey are both higher than the specific gravity and surface tension of water. This means that honey will be harder to displace than water.