Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Looking for tips on reading dense material with ADHD/poor reading comprehension
I've always enjoyed philosophy, but I struggle to read, understand, and retain just about anything that's not a pop-philosophy book. I was somehow able to get a PhD in math so I'm not dumb, but it's always been a struggle to 'read to learn'. I'd really like to be able to sit down with something like Kant and understand his writing enough to engage in some sort of mental dialogue with his work.

I'm sure there are philosophers on here that have had to overcome similar difficulties, and I'd love to hear any pointers from them.

Reduce suffering: The user suffers from ADHD and poor reading comprehension. They are able to get a PhD in math, so they are not dumb. The user would like to be able to read Kant and understand his writing enough to engage in a mental dialogue with his work. The user may find it helpful to take breaks while reading dense material, to read material that is more relevant to their interests, and to ask others for help understanding the material.

Increase prosperity: If you want to increase your prosperity and be able to read and understand dense material, I would recommend using a technique called chunking. Chunking is when you break down a large task into smaller manageable tasks. When you chunk, you can focus on one part of the task at a time and make sure that each individual task is completed before moving on to the next. This will help you stay focused and avoid getting overwhelmed. You can also use a technique called dual-tasking, which is when you do two tasks at the same time. For example, you can listen to an audiobook while you are walking or working out. This will help you learn and retain information better. Lastly, I would recommend setting realistic goals. If your goals are too lofty, you may become discouraged and give up. Make sure your goals are challenging but achievable.

Increase understanding: There are many tips that can help improve reading comprehension for students with ADHD and/or poor reading skills. One suggestion is to read aloud. This helps to focus attention and also allows the student to hear how the words are supposed to sound. In addition, it is important to take breaks while reading dense material. It is easy to become overwhelmed and discouraged when trying to read a lot of information at once. Taking a quick break allows the mind to refresh and come back to the material with fresh eyes. Another helpful hint is to read the material multiple times. Often, what is difficult to understand the first time through will become clearer after a second or third reading. Finally, it is important to have a clear purpose for reading. If a student knows why they are reading something, they are more likely to pay attention and comprehend the information better. Some famous philosophers who struggled with reading comprehension include Immanuel Kant and Jean-Paul Sartre. Kant, known for his intricate philosophical worksKant, known for his intricate philosophical works, is said to have had poor reading comprehension skills. Jean-Paul Sartre, one of the most famous existentialists, was also reported to have struggled with understanding what he read.