Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

In a world undergoing climate change largely caused by carbon emissions from human activity, is it right to travel?
There is an article in Aeon this morning titled “The End of Travel” where the author explores his desire for constant world travel in his youth. He also shares his observations of others who were traveling at the time and how he thinks their motivations have changed from an ecstatic individualistic sense of freedom to postmodern spectacle or as he put it... the “Instagrammability” of a destination.

Beyond the personal and virtually social, toward the end of the article he raises an ethical issue climate change and the negative environmental impacts of travel. If we think about air travel, while total air travel carbon emissions are much smaller than what the fossil fuel industry or autos emit annually - energy production, trucks, and arguably cars, are still necessary. Flying to travel for luxury or entertainment is not. 

If, for purposes of argument and ethical analysis, we assume:

1) Climate change is a real and mitigatable environmental catastrophe - mitigatable only under a set amount of carbon emissions per year.

2) You are planning a round trip plane ride from London to Rome, for enjoyment only.

3) That plane trip for one person emits 252 kg of CO2 (according to a Guardian emission calculator) 

4) That amount of carbon is greater than the average emissions for one person in nineteen other countries for one year.

If the above assumptions are true, would it be right (ethical) to travel by plane, under this scenario?

Article at Aeon [here](https://aeon.co/essays/a-dispatch-from-the-end-of-travels-brief-troubled-golden-age)

Guardian Calculator [here](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/ng-interactive/2019/jul/19/carbon-calculator-how-taking-one-flight-emits-as-much-as-many-people-do-in-a-year)

Other source NY Times: projections of carbon emissions from air travel [here](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/19/climate/air-travel-emissions.html)

Reduce suffering: I would characterize the suffering present in these Reddit posts as existential. The users are questioning the morality of their actions in the face of climate change. They are worried about the consequences of their travel for both themselves and for the world. The causes of this suffering may be a sense of guilt or responsibility for climate change. The users may also feel overwhelmed by the scale of the problem and unsure of what they can do to make a difference. Potential solutions for the users could include researching their travel destinations to find those with lower carbon footprints, considering alternative forms of transportation such as trains or buses, or even cancelling their trip altogether.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to consider the ethics of travel. If you are travelling for pleasure only, and your carbon emissions are greater than the average emissions for someone in nineteen other countries, it may not be ethical to travel by plane. There are many other ways to enjoy yourself without polluting the environment. You could consider travelling by car or train instead.

Increase understanding: In Alex Steffen's article "The End of Travel," he discusses the many ways in which travel is changing and how those changes are impacting the world. He points out that both the sheer number of people travelling and the distance they're travelling are on the rise, and this increased demand is putting a strain on the planet. Steffen argues that we need to find new ways to travel, or else face some very serious consequences. One way of measuring the environmental impact of travel is by looking at its carbon emissions. A study cited by The Guardian found that a single round-trip flight between London and New York emits 1.6 tons of CO2, more than the average person in a developing country emits in a year. And that's just one flight! Air travel is a major contributor to climate change, accounting for around 2-3% of global emissions. There are some things we can do to reduce our air travel emissions, like flying less and choosing more sustainableFor example, one way to reduce our air travel emissions is by flying less. We can also choose more sustainable modes of transportation, like high-speed trains.