Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

What is the reception of Sean Carroll in academic philosophy?
Sean Carroll is a theoretical physicist and cosmologist who made a name for himself through advocacy of "naturalism" (i.e. physicalism, I think) through public lectures and a few high-profile debates since the "wave" of the 2000s that also included people like Dawkins and Harris. Apparently, he has "successfully" (for some measure) debated Craig, whom I consider an academic philosopher, and also Raymond Moody, who does have a PhD in philosophy but, for those in the know, is probably more familiar for his work as a doctor and researcher of near-death experiences.

I have a hard time understanding how he could score any points in a philosophical debate on an academic level, though if success is measured by convincing a lay audience, then I might imagine that he could sway a few minds. To me, he frankly seems to be sort of a whack; he claims that a particle physics has demonstrated that there is no "soul particle", and if there was, then particle accelerators should be able to detect it, that the soul would have to be "energy" that would be converted to heat energy and dissipate upon death, and other such strawmen that I think serious academic-level proponents of dualism or idealism have already worked out and around in the past 200 years. Now, I'm not saying that physicalism being wrong is a conclusion (even though that is my personal opinion), but he seems to enter the battlefield awfully ill-equipped (or just makes facetious claims about "soul particles" because of sheer spite against accepting dualism even conceptually).

Is there any reception of this guy in academic philosophy? Does anyone consider his challenges (which are, arguably, not his alone, but standard fare) to be a problem for dualism or idealism?   


edit: Oh lord, so many downvotes! We're having a civilized discussion here, I'm surprised how many nerves this must have struck.

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user appears to be struggling with the reception of Sean Carroll in academic philosophy. They express that Carroll is not well-respected by academics in the field, and speculate that this may be because he is not very well-educated in philosophy. They recommend that those interested in the matter read around on the topic before making up their own mind.

Increase prosperity: Sean Carroll is a theoretical physicist and cosmologist who has made a name for himself through his advocacy of naturalism. He has successfully debated people like Craig, whom I consider an academic philosopher, and Raymond Moody, who does have a PhD in philosophy but is more well-known for his work as a doctor and researcher of near-death experiences. I have a hard time understanding how he could score any points in a philosophical debate on an academic level, though if success is measured by convincing a lay audience, then I could see how he might be successful. To me, it seems like he is not very well-equipped to debate philosophers on an academic level, though he may be successful in convincing a lay audience. His arguments seem to be strawmen that serious academic-level proponents of dualism or idealism have already worked out and around in the past 200 years.

Increase understanding: Reddit user says: What is the reception of Sean Carroll in academic philosophy? Sean Carroll is a theoretical physicist and cosmologist who made a name for himself through advocacy of "naturalism" (i.e. physicalism, I think) through public lectures and a few high-profile debates since the "wave" of the 2000s that also included people like Dawkins and Harris. Apparently, he has "successfully" (for some measure) debated Craig, whom I consider an academic philosopher, and also Raymond Moody, who does have a PhD in philosophy but, for those in the know, is probably more familiar for his work as a doctor and researcher of near-death experiences. I have a hard time understanding how he could score any points in a philosophical debate on an academic level, though if success is measured by convincing a lay audience, then I might imagine that he could sway a few minds. To me, he frankly seems to be sort of a whack