Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Is there a school of thought discussing the anxiety of being seen?
Relative newbie to anything philosophy. 

I’ve been wondering about the fear of being seen by others ever since I learned a bit about the fear of envy. I think a facet of it would encompass the fear of envy and measures people take to avoid it, but I wonder if there’s some broader discussions of forms of malicious gaze that also address being seen as something that may not be based on envy. 

I’m curious how a “fear of being seen” impacts self perception and perception of others individually and broadly. 

Are there philosophers who examine this?

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing anxiety due to the fear of being seen. This fear may be based on envy, as the user suggests, or on a fear of being judged or seen in a negative light. Philosophers who have examined this fear include Jean-Paul Sartre and Michel Foucault. Potential solutions for the user include therapy or talking to others about their fears in order to gain a better understanding of them.

Increase prosperity: There are a few things that can be done to increase prosperity. First, identify what prosperity means to you. This can be done through self-reflection or by discussing with others what prosperity means to them. Once you have a clear understanding of what prosperity means, you can begin taking actions to increase it. Another way to increase prosperity is by setting goals and working towards them. Having specific goals will help you focus your efforts and make progress towards increasing your prosperity. Third, be mindful of the thoughts and actions that bring you happiness and abundance. When you take actions that align with your values and make you happy, you are moving closer towards increased prosperity. Lastly, keep an open mind and continue learning about ways to increase your prosperity. There are many different approaches that can be effective, so it is important to explore what works best for you.

Increase understanding: The fear of being seen by others is the fear of being evaluated, judged, or criticized by others. The fear of being seen by others can have a variety of negative effects on self-perception and perception of others. For example, people who are afraid of being seen by others may view themselves as inferior to others, and they may also view others as judgmental and critical. This fear can also lead to social isolation, as people may avoid social situations where they might be seen by others. Some philosophers who have written about the fear of being seen by others include Jean-Paul Sartre and Michel Foucault.The fear of being seen by others can have a variety of negative effects on self-perception and perception of others. For example, people who are afraid of being seen by others may view themselves as inferior to others, and they may also view others as judgmental and critical.