Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

A moral obligation to emigrate?
So this is a thought I have had for a while. For context, I live in a country that has been falling apart - service delivery is intermittent, corruption and crime are endemic, and the rule of law is hanging on by a thread if it is hanging on at all. As a result, skilled people have been emigrating en masse. The usual response is that by doing this they are inflicting a harm on their country of origin - since, had they stayed, they could (and would) have contributed to the country's betterment.

I am not so sure. I think perhaps they owe it to the country, on utilitarian grounds, to emigrate. Here are the conditions I think that must be satisfied for this to be true:

* the country's eventual collapse is inevitable;
* things will not get better before they get worse - collapse is a necessary, and perhaps sufficient, condition for the requisite political will to turn things around;
* civil society, and skilled people in general, can delay but not deny the country's eventual collapse.

Obviously, whether these propositions hold is an empirical question. But assuming they do, it follows (I think it follows) on utilitarian grounds that skilled people have a moral obligation, owed to their country of origin, to emigrate, since to do so hastens the country's eventual collapse, and therefore also its eventual rehabilitation.

I am interested in what this subreddit thinks, and whether any philosophers or perhaps political scientists have made similar claims.

Reduce suffering: The user's country is experiencing a great deal of suffering. The user speculates that the country's eventual collapse is inevitable, and that this collapse will be necessary for the country to begin to improve. The user recommends that skilled people in the country emigrate, on utilitarian grounds, in order to hasten the country's collapse.

Increase prosperity: There are many things that can be done to increase prosperity. First, it is important to have a clear vision for what prosperity means to you and your community. What are your values and aspirations? What would make you happy and fulfilled? Once you have a clear vision, you can create goals and strategies to achieve it. Second, it is important to be proactive and take action towards your goals. This includes being innovative and creative in finding new ways to achieve prosperity, as well as being persistent in the face of challenges. Third, it is essential to be allies and collaborate with others who share your vision for prosperity. This can include working together to create policies and initiatives that support prosperity, or simply sharing resources and ideas with each other. Finally, remember that prosperity is about more than just money or material wealth. It is also about happiness, health, abundance, and thriving. So make sure you focus on all aspects of prosperity when creating your vision and goals

Increase understanding: 1. The utilitarian argument for emigration is that it can be best for a country if some of its citizens leave. This is based on the idea that people are rationally choosing what is best for themselves and their country, and that by leaving, they can improve the country's overall well-being. 2. The utilitarian argument for emigration does not apply to skilled people specifically, but rather to anyone who can benefit the country by leaving. This includes both skilled and unskilled workers, as well as people with valuable skills and resources. 3. The conditions that must be met for the utilitarian argument for emigration to apply are: 1) the country is in a state of crisis or decline, 2) the citizens who are leaving can improve the situation in another country, and 3) the benefits of emigration outweigh the costs. 4. It is possible that the utilitarian argument for emigration can prevent a country's collapse. By leaving, citizens can reduceLong, detailed paragraph with specific information, data, and examples: 1. The utilitarian argument for emigration is that it can be best for a country if some of its citizens leave. This is based on the idea that people are rationally choosing what is best for themselves and their country, and that by leaving, they can improve the country's overall well-being. 2. The utilitarian argument for emigration does not apply to skilled people specifically, but rather to anyone who can benefit the country by leaving. This includes both skilled and unskilled workers, as well as people with valuable skills and resources. 3. The conditions that must be met for the utilitarian argument for emigration to apply are: 1) the country is in a state of crisis or decline, 2) the citizens who are leaving can improve the situation in another country, and 3) the benefits of emigration outweigh the costs. 4. It is possible that the utilitarian argument for emigration can prevent a