Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Is philosophy dead?
In 2009 Stephan Hawking said "fundamental questions about the nature of the universe could not be resolved without hard data such as that currently being derived from the Large Hadron Collider and space research. “Most of us don’t worry about these questions most of the time. But almost all of us must sometimes wonder: Why are we here? Where do we come from? Traditionally, these are questions for philosophy, but philosophy is dead,” he said. “Philosophers have not kept up with modern developments in science. Particularly physics."

In the given context, is metaphysics still relevant? Also, would it not be better if philosophers tried to explore epistemology more - considering we live in information epidemic and it is of immense importance - to know what is knowledge and what is not?

Reduce suffering: The user seems to be suffering from a lack of purpose or meaning in life. This may be due to a feeling that philosophy is no longer relevant in the modern world. They may also be feeling overwhelmed by the amount of information available today. Suggestions for resolving this suffering could include finding a new purpose in life, studying epistemology, or finding ways to cope with the overwhelming amount of information.

Increase prosperity: I recommend that philosophers explore epistemology more, in order to better understand what is knowledge and what is not. I also suggest that they continue to study metaphysics, as it is still relevant in today's world. Additionally, I believe it is important for philosophers to stay up-to-date with modern developments in science, so that they can continue to ask meaningful questions about the universe.

Increase understanding: 1. Metaphysics in the modern world: There is a renewed interest in metaphysics in the modern world, as scholars and thinkers seek to answer metaphysical questions about the nature of reality. In particular, there is a growing concern with the nature of existence and the relationship between mind and body. Some argue that metaphysics is no longer relevant in the modern age, while others maintain that it remains an important tool for understanding the world we live in. 2. Epistemology in the modern world: Epistemology, or the theory of knowledge, has been a central issue in philosophy since its inception. In recent years, there has been increasing interest in epistemological questions among both scholars and the general public. This is due largely to the increasing availability of information and the consequent problem of knowing what to believe. Epistemology is now more important than ever as we struggle to find our way through the vast amount of information available to us. 3Epistemology is the study of how we know what we know. It is concerned with questions such as: What are the sources of knowledge? What is the nature of justification? What is the relationship between belief and evidence? Epistemology has become increasingly important in the modern world, as we grapple with the problem of distinguishing truth from falsehood in an age of information overload. 4. The death of philosophy: Some scholars have claimed that philosophy is dying, or even dead. They argue that there are few new problems being addressed by philosophers, and that most philosophical work today is a rehash of old ideas. While it is true that some areas of philosophy are in decline, there are also many thriving areas of inquiry. Moreover, philosophy has always been a field that engages with the latest developments in science and other disciplines. So it is hard to say that it is truly dying. 5. The relevance of metaphysics in the modern world: Metaphysics has been one of