Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

If there are two identical rockets in vacuum, one stationary and one somehow already moving at 1000kmh, and their identical engines are both ignited, would they have the same change in velocity?
Given that kinetic energy is the square of velocity, if both rockets' change in velocity is the same, that seems to suggest that the faster rocket gained more kinetic energy from the same energy source (engine).

However, if both rockets' change in velocity are not the same, this seems to be incongruent with the fact that they are both in identical inertial frames of reference.

Reduce suffering: The user is asking a question about two rockets in vacuum. The user seems to be trying to understand how the energy from the engines would affect the change in velocity of the rockets. If the change in velocity is not the same, it is incongruent with the fact that they are in identical inertial frames of reference.

Increase prosperity: The passage poses a question about the change in velocity of two identical rockets in vacuum. One rocket is stationary, while the other one is moving at 1000kmh. If both rockets ignite their engines, would they have the same change in velocity? There is discrepancy between the answer to this question and the fact that both rockets are in identical inertial frames of reference. In order to increase prosperity, it is important to have accurate information about the world around us. This question should be further studied in order to determine whether or not the answer is correct.

Increase understanding: Inertial frames of reference are frames of reference that are not affected by the relative motion between them and another frame of reference. Inertial frames of reference are often considered to be at rest or in a state of uniform motion. Kinetic energy is the energy of an object in motion. It is equal to the object's mass multiplied by the square of its velocity. Velocity is a measure of how fast an object is moving.Inertial frames of reference are frames of reference that are not affected by the relative motion between them and another frame of reference. Inertial frames of reference are often considered to be at rest or in a state of uniform motion.