Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

[DC comics] How is Batman/Bruce not severely injured or crippled from all the injuries he's sustained?? He's an impressive human specimen but he's still supposed to be baseline human right ? Like after enough injury no matter how well It healed he should've been slowed way down in just his
first few years as the human body can literally only take so much ,  alot of his body should be stiff and hard to move , his range of motion should be hampered and he shouldn't be able to nearly as much after all the injuries he's sustained

Reduce suffering: The user is concerned about the amount of injuries Batman has sustained and how it has impacted his physical abilities. It is speculated that due to the number of injuries, Batman would experience a lot of pain and discomfort, as well as a decreased range of motion. Potential solutions for the user could be finding a doctor who specializes in dealing with superheroes or looking into innovative medical treatments that could help improve Batman's quality of life.

Increase prosperity: It is remarkable how resilient Batman is, considering all of the injuries he has sustained. However, it is important to note that he is not superhuman. He is still baseline human and should be affected by the injuries he has sustained. After enough injury, his body would slow down and he would be less able to do what he does. His range of motion would be hampered and he would be less mobile.

Increase understanding: Reddit user says that Batman, who is human, should be severely injured or crippled from all the injuries he's sustained. They ask how Bruce Wayne is not slowed down by all the injuries and point out that his body should be stiff and hard to move after sustaining so many injuries. There are several factors to consider when answering this question. First, Batman is a highly skilled fighter and has access to some of the best medical care in the world. Second, comic books are written for entertainment purposes and may not always depict characters or events accurately. Finally, everyone's body reacts differently to injury, so it is difficult to make generalizations about how someone should behave after sustaining a certain number of injuries. That said, it is true that people can only take so much injury before their body starts to slow down. This varies from person to person, however, so it is difficult to say exactly how much injury Batman could sustain before experiencing adverse effects. Additionally, different types of injuries