Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

What should I do to fix fast internet that has high ping?
I'm using an internet that  has about 1000 Mbps download speed in speed test, but the ping is really high. In ping test it's about a 60 median, and 60ms in league, 30\~40 in apex, but it looks fine in pinging google server - around 15.  (I was expecting a ping under 20 for internet at this speed)

I had a technical support from my internet provider try to fix this for me, but it didn't work. The technical support guy said that he treid everything he can (mostly on hardwares and wires), the internet speed looks fine and thats what theri troubleshooting is all about, and he can do nothing about it and don't know how to fix it.

I also considered if it's problem with my pc, but i also tested on my labtop the ping remains the same.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing significant suffering from high ping rates. This can lead to frustration in online gaming, and decreased productivity when using the internet for work. There are several potential solutions that this user could explore. One solution is to speak with their internet service provider about the issue. The provider may be able to help troubleshoot or fix the problem. Another solution is to check the wiring and hardware in their home to ensure everything is working properly. If everything appears to be in order, then it may be necessary to upgrade their internet plan in order to get a higher speed with a lower ping rate.

Increase prosperity: There are several things you can do to increase prosperity. The first is to make sure your internet connection is as fast as possible. You can test your internet speed using a tool like Speedtest.net. If your download speed is below 1000 Mbps, you may want to consider upgrading your internet plan. Another thing you can do is optimize your network settings. Open your command prompt and type "ping google.com -t". This will test your ping and show you the latency (or delay) for each packet. If the latency is high, there may be something causing interference on your network. You can try changing the channel on your router or moving your computer closer to the router. Finally, you may want to check your hardware. Make sure all of your cables are plugged in properly and that there is no physical damage to your router or modem. If everything appears to be functioning correctly, it's possible that you just need a better router or modem to achieve the speeds

Increase understanding: Ping is a computer network tool used to test the reachability of a host on an IP network and measure the round-trip time for messages sent from the originating host to that destination host. Round-trip time is also referred to as latency, and ping programs use the latency measurement to calculate an approximate round-trip time in milliseconds. Pings are measured in milliseconds because it takes about 1 millisecond for a signal to travel one foot. High ping can be caused by many factors, such as a overloaded network, a problem on the destination host, or a problem with the network route between the two hosts. When troubleshooting high ping, it's important to determine where the problem is. One way to do this is by using an internet speed test or a PC ping test. An internet speed test will give you an idea of how much bandwidth your connection can handle. The test measures both download and upload speeds and will also show you your ping time. If yourHigh ping can be caused by many factors, such as a overloaded network, a problem on the destination host, or a problem with the network route between the two hosts. When troubleshooting high ping, it's important to determine where the problem is. One way to do this is by using an internet speed test or a PC ping test.