Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Can I stop being friends with a guy because he broke a few boundaries?
I know this sounds bad but I (18F) have this friend (17M) who we will call John. I have been friends with him since 6th grade (we are now seniors in Highschool for reference) and I have always kind of known he had a thing for me. It was pretty well known throughout the friend group and as a result he was always a bit possessive of me and never left my side, despite it visibly aggravating me. Last spring he asked me out and confessed to liking me the last few years. I do not like him. I have been very clear that I do not like him that way and that we can only be friends. I told him I see him more as a brother and will never see him in a romantic light. At the time, he told me he understood. He was still unbelievably clingy and possessive of me and I made it clear that I was uncomfortable with this. I asked him to back off. At the time he did. My mother told me I should just date him because he was a good friend and guy. She said I was being mean by not and that I should just be a good person and date him. 
        Over the summer, he started becoming better friends with guys who sexually harassed me. They put me in a group chat with a bunch of pictures of me and you can guess where it went from there. They threatened that if they ever saw me alone they would get me. They continued to call me both a sl*t and a prude and stare at my chest. I am a relatively busty girl and that seemed to annoy them. I told all of this to John and he said it was fine and they were still good people. They didn’t stop but John began to join them. He told me everything they were saying about me and my body and that really affected my self esteem. I learned he joined in and confronted him and around this time my friends told me to stop hanging out with him. 
       When school started he managed to get worse. I hate being touched and he is always touching me. Touching my back or practically sitting on top of me. Leaning on me. Following me everywhere. He keeps track of when I wear a bra and stares at me. I have only done it once but he doesn’t let me forget. He got drunk a few weeks ago and publicly tried to hit on me and asked to hook up. He is always staring at me and ignores all m boundaries. I want out and he makes me so uncomfortable and guilty. 
      Throughout all of this my family, especially my mom, thinks that I should date him. They make fun of me for not. He has always been a good friend and we talk all the time. I am really close with him and I do still care about him as a friend. My mom says I’ve made his life worse because he likes me and I don’t return the favor. She is always telling me his behavior is normal and I’m a baby and I need him and I can’t do better. I’ve tried to cut him off before but I was so guilty that I ended up going back to being friends. Would I be the asshole if I cut him off? Would I be a bad friend? Should I suck it up until graduation? We see each other at school all the time.


Update: I am not sure how updates work and I guess I will just do this? He seems really angry with me right now and I don’t know why. I don’t know if he found this post and noticed all the similarities or found out I lied to him about going out with friends/ ditching him. I only had to ditch him because I knew there would be alcohol and he would start being bad again. He ended up coming and stared at me creepily then whole time. I guess I will figure out tomorrow what I did wrong and deal with his passive aggressive BS. I hope he didn’t find this post.


Update part 2: I stopped texting him for a few hours (I saw him at school) and he is texting all my friends about where I am/ why I won’t answer. He is like freaking out I disappeared and it’s been like 5 hours. What the frick.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing significant suffering as a result of their friendship with John. The sources of this suffering are John's possessiveness, boundary violations, and sexually harassing behavior. Potential solutions include ending the friendship with John, seeking support from friends or professionals, and developing stronger boundaries.

Increase prosperity: If you are uncomfortable with the way a friend is behaving, it is best to distance yourself from them. This may be difficult, but it is important to protect your own wellbeing. If they persist in their behavior, you may need to end the friendship altogether. It is important to have healthy boundaries with others and to respect your own comfort levels. Be assertive in communicating your needs to friends and family. You know what is best for you and should never feel guilty for sticking up for yourself.

Increase understanding: There are many signs that a friend may be possessive. If they always want to know where you are and what you're doing, they may be trying to control you. If they get angry or jealous when you talk to other people, they may be feeling threatened by your relationships. If they touch you without consent or make unwanted sexual advances, they are crossing the line into sexual harassment. If you are experiencing any of these behaviors from a friend, it is important to speak up. You can confront them directly and let them know that their behavior is not acceptable. If they don't listen or continue to harass you, it may be necessary to end the friendship. There are also organizations like Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network (RAINN) that can provide support and guidance if you are dealing with sexual harassment from friends.1) Signs that a friend is possessive may include wanting to know where you are at all times, getting angry or jealous when you talk to other people, and touching you without consent. 2) If a friend becomes sexually harassed by other friends, there are several things that can be done. First, they should confront the harassers directly and let them know their behavior is not acceptable. If the harassment persists, they can speak to a trusted adult about what is happening. There are also organizations like RAINN that can provide support and guidance. 3) If someone is experiencing sexual harassment from a friend, they should first confront the harasser directly and let them know their behavior is not acceptable. If the harassment persists, they can speak to a trusted adult about what is happening. They may also find support from organizations like RAINN.