Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I (32F) feel my partner (32M) and I don't spend much time doing things together and really enjoying each others company.
Our weekends are filled with looking at our phones and watching whatever he wants to watch on TV. If I choose something he goes off to another room to watch YouTube videos. We both have high stress jobs and I think for him tv and videogames are his favourite outlet, particularly since Covid. 

I have a lot of interests but they're usually activities that can be done solo (drawing, sewing, bird watching). He almost never pays an interest in what I'm doing. I feel like I pay interest to the things he's doing even if I don't really enjoy them, but because he likes them I ask him questions etc. I don't tend to get that back from him.

We've had some issues in the past but nothing bad. I feel like we're drifting apart and I wonder if this is common at this stage in a relationship. We've been together 4 years. 

I guess I just want to know if this is a common complaint

Reduce suffering: The user seems to feel neglected by her partner. The cause could be any number of things, such as stress from work or a difference in interests. The recommended solution would be for the couple to try and find activities that they both enjoy, and to take time to appreciate each other's company.

Increase prosperity: It sounds like you and your partner may be feeling a bit isolated and disconnected from each other. This can be a common issue in long-term relationships. Here are a few recommendations to help increase prosperity in your relationship: 1. Spend time together doing activities that you both enjoy. This can help create closer bonds and strengthen your relationship. 2. Communicate more openly with each other. This can help you better understand each other's needs and desires. 3. Make time for yourselves, without electronic devices or television. This can help you relax and rejuvenate, which will in turn make you feel more connected to your partner.

Increase understanding: There are some telltale signs that your partner may be drifting away, including spending less time with you, being less affectionate, and showing less interest in your relationship. If you're concerned that your partner is losing interest, there are a few things you can do to try to address the situation. Talk to your partner about your concerns and express how much you value the relationship. If your partner is receptive, you can work together to find ways to spend more time together. If your partner is unresponsive or unwilling to talk about the issue, it may be time to consider whether or not the relationship is worth saving. No matter how busy you are, it's important to make time for your partner. Here are a few tips for spending time with your loved one: Make a date night and put it on the calendar, even if life gets busy. Plan activities that you both enjoy doing. Steal away for a few minutes during the day to send a text or have a conversationThe following are examples of specific things you can do to spend time with your partner: • Make a date night and put it on the calendar, even if life gets busy. • Plan activities that you both enjoy doing. • Steal away for a few minutes during the day to send a text or have a conversation.