Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Better offer to retain me after resigning. Shall I stay?
I am with this org for more than 6 years now. In the last couple of years I started looking for a job as I was not getting any growth.  I asked for better grade and pay but no one responded until I resigned.

During the notice period my current org came back with the offer to retain me with higher grade and pay better than the new offer that I have.

If I take back my resignation, I will need to notify my new employer and disregard the employment agreement that I have signed (legal?). To me this is non-ethical option. But I am getting better pay and stability by staying. New org provides me better learning opportunity and decent pay.  Note: My job search journey started for getting growth.

Any thoughts?

Reduce suffering: The user suffers from not being rewarded for their years of service. They have also been experiencing a lack of growth, so they decided to resign and look for a new job. However, their current organization has come back with an improved offer to try and keep them. The user is in a difficult situation because if they stay, they are breaking their contract with the new employer, but if they leave, they may lose out on better pay and stability.

Increase prosperity: If you are looking for growth, it may be a good idea to look for a new job. However, if you are happy with your current job and are not getting the growth you desire, you may want to ask for a promotion or a raise. If your employer does not respond, you may want to resign and look for a job that will give you the growth you desire.

Increase understanding: Quitting a job: legal consequences Quitting a job can have serious legal consequences. Depending on the circumstances, quitting a job may be considered a breach of contract, which could lead to a lawsuit from your former employer. In some cases, quitting a job may also lead to liability for unemployment insurance or other benefits that you may have been entitled to receive. If you are considering quitting your job, it is important to consult with an attorney to understand your rights and obligations under the law. How to rescind a job offer If you have offered a job to someone and then decide that you want to rescind the offer, there are several things you should do in order to minimize the chances of litigation. First, you should contact the individual directly and explain that the offer has been rescinded. Next, you should provide a written explanation for why the offer has been rescinded. Finally, you should make arrangements for the individual to receive any wages or benefits that he or sheThe specific legal consequences of quitting a job can vary depending on the state in which you reside. Generally, quitting a job may be considered a breach of contract, which could lead to a lawsuit from your former employer. Additionally, quitting a job may lead to liability for unemployment insurance or other benefits that you may have been entitled to receive.