Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I embellished my severely underpaid current salary to a recruiter and HR for a new position and feel I made a huge mistake
Throwaway as to not continue to tarnish my reputation. 

I am working in finance and have been struggling with fair compensation for my role since coming here years ago. Currently I make 25-30% less than others with the same title  and responsibilities in the company, and this is verifiable as I am aware of others salaries by way of some personal relationships in the department. In fact my employees make dangerously close salaries to my own.

My company has an hr salary adjustment policy that limits all promotions to 10% even if the role and title change require a significant increase in work and responsibilities. (Even VP to SVP or director roles)

I took a big pay cut to come here at first and have continually promoted and increased my job scope and am still behind the compa ratio for my role and in one lower pay grade as my peers. Its lame but I know how this goes... 

I have been in discussion with a recruiter for a competing firm and everything is going well. They asked what would make me leave my company and I gave them a number that was fair and within the firms budget for the role. It is a 50% increase for my current salary and is about 10% above what i feel like I should be compensated for my current role. The firm im interviewing with is known to pay well and I felt that the additional amount above what I feel im worth at my current company was fair for what was expected with the new firm. Turns out their budget for the role is slightly above what I am asking for.

So heres where I made the mistake. In a conversation the recruiter asked how much I currently make base salary and was discussing bonus potential. I felt like if i told them my current salary they would low ball me. I feel like I have to protect myself and set my expectations to the proper fair levels 

Not intending to lie, I gave them a number about 30% above what my current base salary is before I even knew what I said. Stupid. I should have said my current role is worth $$$. But it didnt come out that way. Just the damn dollar amount.

I also haven't interviewed in almost decade and this feels like a new experience for me. I feel completely out of place negotiating. They mentioned that they want to give me an offer and loved me. I had a conversation with hr and he brought up the base salary number I discussed with the recruiter. Damn! I wanted to reel that back but they obviously had a conversation about it. But they all feel I'm worth the budgeted amount that I asked for and want to move forward with the offer.

Well it looks like verification of salary IS a thing and I am a bit nervous that my verbal offer will be rescinded due to my dishonesty. But I have not provided my false income in writing. They are in the process of doing a background check and verification of employment and I dont have a written offer in hand.

Have I completely ruined this opportunity?

Reduce suffering: The user seems to be experiencing a great deal of suffering as a result of their decision to embellish their salary. They may feel regret for lying to potential employers, worry that they will lose the opportunity altogether, and frustration at their own inexperience in negotiating. It is possible that the causes of this individual's suffering are self-inflicted, caused by poor decision-making or lack of experience. However, it is also possible that the user is experiencing legitimate suffering as a result of unfair pay and limited opportunities for advancement within their company. In this case, some potential solutions may include seeking outside counsel to negotiate on their behalf, researching average salaries for their position and experience level, or speaking with others who have negotiated similar salaries.

Increase prosperity: When seeking a new opportunity, it is important to be truthful about salary and compensation. If you embellish your salary, you may be offering yourself up for disappointment when the offer is rescinded. It is best to be honest and let the employer know what you are currently making, as they will likely verify this information. You want to be upfront and honest about your expectations so that there is no confusion about the salary offer. If you are uncomfortable negotiating, let the employer know that you are looking for a fair salary that meets your expectations. Remember to stay positive andprofessional throughout the process.

Increase understanding: At most companies, the HR salary adjustment policy dictates how salaries are changed and adjusted annually. This policy can vary from company to company, but typically there is a set formula or range that determines how salary adjustments are made. Typically, increases are based on either merit (achievement) or cost of living adjustments. Some companies also offer bonuses or other forms of incentive pay in order to attract or retain top talent. If you are curious about what others are making in your role at your company, you can ask your colleagues or search websites like Glassdoor.com which publish anonymous data on salaries. If you're looking to negotiate your salary, it is important to do your research and come prepared with specific examples of how you have added value to your team or company. You should also be aware of the market value for your skills and experience. If you lied about your salary on a job application and have been offered the job, you will likely need to come clean and revealWhat do you mean by "lied about your salary"?