Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I just can’t cope anymore.
Every day I am disappearing more and more.
The last two months have been a living hell.
I need to go to the hospital.
I’ve been advised to go to the hospital by every doctor I’ve seen or spoken to.
But I can’t leave my kids.
We have nobody.

Parts of the day I have to set timers to get through just five minutes.
The pain I’m in is literally tearing apart my entire soul.

We are at rock bottom.
Me and my kids , who don’t deserve this. 
They deserve a better life. And I can’t give them anything better than barely making it each day.
I’m desperate to find help and I wish there was a break in the pain and discomfort.
I’m terrified . Christmas is coming and I have nothing for them yet because I can’t even leave my home on my own.
I can tell they know things are going to be sad. 
I don’t want to be alive anymore. 
I can’t take it.
I need help , and there is no help available to us.
I feel like we are worthless.

Please just pray for us.

I’d give anything for a hug.
I’d give anything for help.
I’d give anything for one single day they could feel happy and not scared for me .
Please take the pain away.

Reduce suffering: This user is suffering from immense emotional pain. The causes of this pain are not clear, but it appears to be very severe and long-term. The user has been advised to go to the hospital by multiple doctors, but is unable to leave their children, who also appear to be suffering. This creates a very difficult situation for the whole family. The user has suicidal thoughts and is desperate for help, which is not available to them.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, the user should focus on finding help and support. It is essential to have a support system in order to cope with difficult times. The user should reach out to friends, family members, or support groups in order to receive the help they need. Additionally, the user should take care of themselves and focus on their own well-being. This may include exercise, relaxation techniques, and healthy eating. Finally, the user should set goals for themselves and strive to achieve them. This will help to improve self-esteem and increase feelings of accomplishment.

Increase understanding: Depression is a serious mental illness that can have a negative impact on all areas of a person's life. The feelings of sadness, loneliness, and helplessness that are symptomatic of depression can be extremely difficult to cope with. If you are feeling suicidal, it may feel like there is no way out, but it is important to remember that there is always hope. There are many ways to get help for depression, and there is no one-size-fits-all approach. Some people find counseling or therapy helpful, while others find medication more effective. There are also many support groups available for people struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts. If you are feeling suicidal, it is important to reach out for help. Talk to someone you trust about how you're feeling, and call a suicide hotline in your area if you need someone to talk to. There is no shame in seeking help, and talking about your feelings can be the first step towards getting better.Some of the ways to get help for depression include counseling or therapy, medication, and support groups. Some people find that one approach works better for them than others, and it is important to find what works best for you. If you are feeling suicidal, it is important to reach out for help. Talk to someone you trust about how you're feeling, and call a suicide hotline in your area if you need someone to talk to.