Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I tried partially coming out to my wife and it was a disaster.
I'm a 40 year old with a male body, I realized about a year ago my gender identity is maverique and last week I decided to tell my wife. I thought I was going to find support, after all, she has supported me in all my "weird" exploits (I'm very much into the arts, particularly theatre and dance). But she got really mad at me. We've been having problems in our relationship because I've been asexual for the last 2 years, and she accused me of doing this as a distraction from working on our issues. It makes me sad because she was the one person I confided in about everything and now I fell I have no one to talk about this with.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user is experiencing a great deal of suffering due to gender dysphoria. The user has attempted to come out to their wife, but has encountered significant backlash. It is possible that the wife is struggling to understand the concept of gender identity and how it differs from sex, which may be causing some tension in the relationship. Additionally, the user is dealing with asexuality, which may be causing problems within the relationship independent of the gender identity. There are a few potential solutions for this user. First, they could seek couples counseling to help them navigate these difficult waters. Additionally, they might find support by talking to other individuals who are also experiencing gender dysphoria. Finally, they could look into therapies that can help with gender dysphoria, such as hormone therapy or surgery.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to have a strong support network of close friends and family who will be there for you through thick and thin. If you are struggling with your identity, it is crucial to have people you can talk to about it who will not judge you. It is also important to be honest with yourself and acknowledge your feelings. Finally, keep in mind that there is no one right way to live your life, and do what makes you happy.

Increase understanding: Asexuality and marriage: There is no defined answer as to whether or not asexuals can or should get married. Some asexuals feel that they would like to get married, as it would be a way to formalize their relationship and have the same rights as other couples. Other asexuals believe that marriage is not necessary, as they do not require sexual contact in order to be happy in a relationship. There is no right or wrong answer, as each individual asexual will have their own feelings on the matter. Asexuality and relationships: Just like with marriage, there is no definite answer as to how asexuals should behave in relationships. Some asexuals feel that they want to have the same type of relationship as everyone else- with dating, love, and eventual marriage. Other asexuals believe that they can have just as fulfilling of a relationship without any of those things. Again, this is something that can vary from person toFor example, one asexuals may feel that they want to have a committed relationship with another person, similar to a married couple. Another asexual may feel that they just want to be friends with someone of the opposite gender and share companionship without any romantic feelings. Maverique identity: There is no one way to be a Maverique- each person who identifies as such will have their own individual experiences and perspective. However, there are some common themes among Maveriques. They often feel like they do not fit into traditional gender roles, and instead identify with a gender that is not easily categorized. Maveriques also often have a unique flair or style that sets them apart from others. They may be seen as rebels or trendsetters, and often express themselves in ways that are not traditionally "masculine" or "feminine." Gender identity: Like Mavericks, people's gender identity can vary significantly from individual to individual. Some people who identify as genders other than "male"