Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I feel like nothing changed
Hi, so like a month or so ago I came out to my mom about being agender, aroace and my pronouns being they/them. She didn’t respond in any way and as the days went by, she still called me by she/her pronouns and even though I tried to reinforce my pronouns, she told me that itd take a long time for her to grasp them. It’s been a long time now and she still calls me a girl and by she/her pronouns. It makes me so upset. I feel like nothing ever changed and I was nervous for no reason what so ever as it seems like she doesn’t care at all. I understand it’s hard but can’t she just try her best to use my correct pronouns? I don’t get it. I don’t know what to do now.

Reduce suffering: The user suffers from a lack of recognition and respect for their gender identity. They have come out to their mother, but the mother has not responded in a way that the user finds acceptable. The mother continues to use the wrong pronouns and refer to the user as a girl, which is very hurtful and invalidating. The cause of this suffering is the mother's unwillingness or inability to learn and use the correct pronouns. A potential solution would be for the mother to attend a workshop or read some materials about transgender issues so that she can better understand her child's experience.

Increase prosperity: First and foremost, it is important to understand that there are many different definitions of prosperity. In this case, the user may feel that their prosperity has decreased, as their mother has not adjusted to their new pronouns properly. There are a few things that the user can do to increase their prosperity in this situation. Firstly, the user should continue to reinforce their pronouns and remind their mother of them. It is likely that with continued reminders, their mother will eventually adjust to using the correct pronouns. Secondly, the user could try communicating with their mother about why this change is important to them. This will help their mother to better understand why using the correct pronouns is important. Finally, if these measures do not seem to be working, the user could consider seeking out support from a therapist or another professional who can help them to manage this situation.

Increase understanding: 1) How to explain gender identity and pronouns to someone Gender identity is the gender which a person sees themselves as. This can be different from the gender a person is assigned at birth. There are many different gender identities, and some people do not identify with any of the binary genders (male or female). Pronouns are the words we use to refer to someone else's gender. Some common pronouns are he, she, him, her, ze, hir, and they. When explaining gender identity and pronouns to someone, it is important to use simple, easy-to-understand language. It may also be helpful to provide examples of different genders and pronouns. You can find more information about gender identity and pronouns online or in books. 2) How to deal with a family member who doesn't use your correct pronouns If you have a family member who does not use your correct pronouns, it can be difficult to know what to do. FirstIf you have a family member who does not use your correct pronouns, you can try talking to them about it. You could explain that using the wrong pronouns can be very hurtful, and that you would appreciate if they would use the correct pronouns for you. If the family member refuses to use your correct pronouns, you may need to consider different ways to communicate with them. You could try emailing or texting them instead of talking face-to-face, or vice versa. You could also find a support group or talk to a therapist about how to deal with this situation. 3) Tips for coming out as nonbinary to your family Coming out as nonbinary to your family can be difficult. There are a few things you can do to make the process easier. First, make sure you are ready to come out. Don't come out if you don't feel ready, because it could lead to more stress and anxiety. Second, try choosing the right time and place to come