Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Did anyone else notice throughout their recovery process that a large chunk of their trauma actually originated from the "better" parent?
The focus of my therapist was originally fully on the physical and emotional abuse of my dad. I always stressed to him, that while the abuse was bad, he was always the loving part of the family. My therapist hated it when I said that for some reason and was very adamant on me cutting ties to him. While that might or might not have been a good choice, after some years of downward spiraling I noticed what was actually lacking and completely hindering my ability to have any meaningful relationships and my well-being was the lack of self-love. I don't know how exactly it happened but life decided I had to learn that the hard way and sent me into an utter abyss of depression which took me years to recover from. During that time I only really started crying for myself and properly grieving all the pain that was inside me, it was the first time I started grieving all the injustice I felt for not being able to continue my life the way I wanted it too. 

And during that time I met the most wonderful people in life. And I met exactly one person that gave me so much love and acceptance that I was so grateful for. I used to visit her in her dorm and she had a little sticky note next to her bed written by her mom basically just telling her how wonderful she was. And by that I think I realized what I was truly missing my whole life. A loving mother. Because my mother did not have emotions. She was as cold as a rock. Even though she did not know it, she secretely hated me and I guess thought she was a good parent because she herself probably never experienced any love herself and just thought that was how a normal mother-child relationship looked like.

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user seems to be suffering from emotional pain caused by the neglectful behavior of their parents. The user points to the fact that their therapist focused on the abuse inflicted by one parent, while ignoring the emotional neglect suffered from the other. This may have exacerbated the problem and led to a long period of depression and grief. The user suggests that seeking out positive relationships with people who love and accept you can help heal some of the emotional pain.

Increase prosperity: 1. Identify what prosperity means to you. This may be different for everyone. For some, it may mean having wealth and possessions, while others may prioritize happiness, health, or relationships. 2. Make a list of things you can do to increase your prosperity in the areas that are most important to you. This might include things like setting financial goals, volunteering, practicing self-care, or spending time with positive people. 3. Take action and implement the things on your list! By taking steps to increase your prosperity, you'll be putting yourself on the path to a more fulfilling and enriching life.

Increase understanding: 1. There is no one-size-fits-all answer to overcoming the pain of a traumatic childhood, healing from emotional abuse, or self-loving. What works for one person may not work for another. However, there are some general tips that can help. 2. First and foremost, it is important to be gentle and compassionate with yourself. Accept that you are going through a difficult time and that it will take time to heal. Remember that you are worthy of love and compassion, even if you don't feel like it right now. 3. Secondly, try to find outlets for your emotions. This could include writing, painting, dancing, or any other form of creative expression. It is also helpful to talk to someone about what you're experiencing, whether that be a friend, therapist, or support group. 4. Finally, be patient with yourself. Healing from a traumatic childhood or emotional abuse doesn't happen overnight. It takes time and effort1. There is no one-size-fits-all approach to overcoming the pain of a traumatic childhood, healing from emotional abuse, or self-loving. What works for one person may not work for another. However, there are some general guidelines that can help. 2. First and foremost, it is important to be gentle and compassionate with yourself. Understand that you are going through a difficult time, and it will take time to heal. Remember that you are deserving of love and compassion, even if you don't feel like it right now. 3. Secondly, look for outlets for your emotions. This could come in the form of writing, painting, dancing, or any other creative activity. It is also helpful to talk to somebody about what you're experiencing - whether that is a friend, therapist, or support group. 4. Finally, be patient with yourself; healing from a traumatic childhood or emotional abuse does not happen overnight. It takes time and