Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

What in your opinion, do you see as modern day forms of child abuse?
Meaning, modern ways to traumatize and abuse children. Things like putting them on tiktok or YouTube or Facebook for likes. 

New possible forms of munchausen by proxy that are masked in progressive or conservative tolerance? 

Having access to violent porn and torture videos. Just the vast array of examples of humans abusing others in the most extreme ways. 

Training to survive school shootings. 

Less super modern but modern in a human history sense. Is the shrinking of the tribe. Humans need a village to raise a child. That tribe for me growing up was just a mom and her ever changing alcoholic raging men. 

Both parents working and being raised by strangers. 

Etc etc. stuff like that. I could never in good conscience bring a child into this world. For me it’s based on being an atheist. It seems cruel to bring a new consciousness into existence when it will very quickly cease to exist, and there’s nothing they can do about it. 

I suppose our scientific awareness of the non magical non religious reality of the universe is a kind of trauma unto itself. 

Sometimes I wake up in a weird mood and I’m too honest online. So if this post gets to many people attacking me, I might delete it.

Reduce suffering: This Reddit user appears to be suffering from immense despair and a lack of hope for the future. They perceive the world as a cruel and unforgiving place, where children are increasingly exposed to violence and abuse. They find it difficult to see any reasons for optimism or hope, and question why anyone would want to bring a child into such a terrible world. While they do not mention any specific solutions, they may benefit from professional counseling or therapy to help them cope with their feelings of hopelessness.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity, but some methods are more effective than others. First and foremost, it is important to develop a strong work ethic and focus on acquiring wealth through legal and ethical means. It is also important to maintain good health, both physically and mentally, as well as to create abundance in your life through positive thinking and goal setting. Additionally, it is beneficial to be part of a supportive community, whether that be your family, friends, or a religious or spiritual group. Finally, it is important to remember that prosperity is not just about money or possessions; rather, it is about happiness, satisfaction, and peace of mind.

Increase understanding: There are a number of modern ways to traumatize and abuse children. One possible form of abuse is munchausen by proxy, which is when a caregiver deliberately harms a child for attention or sympathy. Another form of child abuse is school shootings, which can cause long-term psychological effects. Another concern is the effect of both parents working, which can lead to stress and poor parenting decisions. Finally, there is growing scientific awareness of the non magical, non religious reality of the universe. This awareness can have a number of effects on individuals and society as a whole.One specific example of a modern way to traumatize and abuse a child is munchausen by proxy. This is when a caregiver deliberately harms a child for attention or sympathy.