Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Jealous of people that were able to be rebellious during their childhood
I really am. I was an ass kisser during my childhood and that got me nowhere. My main response is fawning and I’ve pretty much kissed everyone’s ass and ended up nowhere in life and everyone that has had a significant impact on my life has took advantage one way or another.

I was estranged for my family for 2 years..yes I came back because I was homeless and didn’t want to experience it again. I had no support when I was homeless….everyone preaches going no contact but fails to tell you that people aren’t nice either. Since I had no kind of physically support people took advantage of that as well. I was approached by predators and my “friends” turned on me when I became “too much” for them.

No one in my life that has traumatized me has apologized for the shit they did. Whether that was being an enabler and encouraging someone to abuse me or being the abuser themselves. It’s always,”I did this because you MADE ME.” “You’re always playing victim.” 

I was trying to bury my emotions but I got pissed because my mom said she had no regrets raising me..trying to play dumb and act like she didn’t hear me being verbally abused as a child. Like I just magically vanished for 2 years for no reason.

She keeps calling out my ex for being abusive but plays dumb and acts like she has no idea why I chose an abusive boyfriend in the first place…the gaslighting is fucking annoying and I swear most people in my life have done it.

I’m jealous of people that stood up to authority as a kid. Me being nice to them backfired in my face most of the time. I had teachers talking about me behind my back when I was a teenager. Imagine grown adult men talking about a 16 year old girl that weighs less than 100 pounds. Most of my teachers usually liked the bullies too.

I have nothing to show for being nice to these people. I work a little over minimum wage trying not to ki*l myself and dissociate most of the day. And don’t tell me I can do it now…not really…I look extremely young so no one takes me seriously and I’m extremely small.

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing a great deal of suffering. The user reports abuse, betrayal, and isolation. The user may also be experiencing depression, PTSD, or other mental health issues. Potential solutions include therapy, self-care, and support groups.

Increase prosperity: It is important to have a strong support system in order to increase prosperity. When one is facing difficult situations, it is helpful to have people who will listen and support. It is also important to be resilient and stand up for oneself. This will help reduce the chances of being taken advantage of. Finally, it is important to stay positive and focus on the goals that one has set for oneself.

Increase understanding: What qualifies as child abuse? Child abuse is defined as any act or omission by a parent or other caregiver that results in physical, emotional, sexual, or financial harm to a child. Abuse can occur in any family, regardless of income, race, or religion. How to deal with being abused as a child? If you are experiencing abuse, it is important to reach out for help. You can talk to a trusted adult, such as a parent, teacher, counselor, or friend. There are also hotlines and support groups available specifically for victims of child abuse. It is important to remember that you are not alone and there is help available. Trauma caused by childhood abuse? Abuse can cause trauma that lasts well into adulthood. Victims of child abuse may have trouble forming relationships and may struggle with self-esteem issues. They may also be more prone to addiction and other mental health disorders. How to recover from childhood abuse?There is no one "right" way to recover from child abuse. Some people may need professional help, while others may find support in friends or family. It is important to do what feels best for you and to be gentle with yourself. You may need to take things slowly and allow yourself time to heal. How to deal with an abusive parent? It can be difficult to deal with an abusive parent. It is important to remember that the abuse is not your fault and that you are not responsible for your parent's behavior. You can talk to a trusted adult about your situation and seek counseling or therapy if needed. What are the long-term effects of child abuse? Child abuse can have a number of long-term consequences, including physical injuries, emotional damage, behavioral problems, and problems in future relationships. Victims of child abuse are also more likely to suffer from addiction and mental health disorders later in life.