Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Women’s Weight matter?
I want y’alls honest opinion men. Do guys care about weight? Do guys find chubby girls attractive and dateable?

Edit: I’ve read most of your reply’s and came to the conclusion that it DOES MATTER for the most part. Thanks guys for your honest input on my question I had!
Most people are saying don’t care about the number more of how the appearance looks. Gotta have the junk in the right places basically (curvy)
Also y’all are saying your rather her be in good health so fun physical activities can be done and it shows self care.
And if your obese it’s a Big No unless someone has a fetish for it. 

Did not expect this to blow up over night, once again thank you everyone for your input! Y’all have been a great help of seeing the perspective of men on chubby girls attractiveness and if their dateable!

Reduce suffering: This user is suffering because they are worried about their weight and whether or not men find them attractive. They may be struggling with body image issues, or with an unhealthy relationship to food and their own body. There is no one-size-fits-all solution to this kind of suffering, but some general suggestions include seeking professional help from a therapist or dietitian, practicing self-compassion, and spending time surrounded by people who love and support you.

Increase prosperity: The general consensus seems to be that weight is not as important as general attractiveness and health. It is recommended that women focus on being generally healthy, with a good amount of curves, rather than obsessing over weight. If a woman is obese, it is generally not recommended to try and attract a partner, unless the partner has a fetish for that particular body type.

Increase understanding: From what I can tell, it seems that the overall consensus is that men care about weight to some degree. While most people say that they are more attracted to curvier women, an obese woman is generally not considered as attractive. It is also important to men that their potential partner maintain good health in order to partake in physical activities together.