Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

After huge improve my look. I finally realized that LOOK is the most important factor for a man's success in dating especially in 2021.
Before I get into this. I want to say the 3 reasons why I made this post

1, I truly believe that sometimes telling the reality is way better than lying. I have tons of friends who have ugly faces and never had gf but really want to have one after I tell them the fact which is "LOOK is the most important factor for a man's success in dating." but then they become more happiness because now they realized that this is not their fault. I have a friend who even stopped watching porn and more focusing on his purpose and doesn’t much care about dating anymore after I told him the facts.

2, A lot of people especially people who are over 30's and 40's or people who've already found a partner 5 or 6 years ago seem don't understand that the dating culture has changed a lot nowadays in 2021 like why is finding a date so difficult for average/below-looking men. And I noticed that lots of women just hate to admit that physical attraction(Look, height, etc) is the most important thing to them and some people just truly believe in their own believes and create their own blue pill reality even if it isn't true.

3, I see tons of guy made posts on Reddit asking how to find a relationship but then all his responses are just like "be yourself someone will come to you one day" "be more confident" "work on your career" "focus on yourself" etc. All these only work if you're a good look.  Looks can make you a lot a lot a lot a lot more easier on dating, you can have the best personality and confidence on the planet but without the looks to get you in the door, you're still stuck outside.

In 2021 looks have become far more important because now social media and shallow dating apps are very popular literally every early mid and late 20's people are using dating apps. And pandemics make things worst.

Social media like TIKTOK is pretty brutal towards men when it comes to dating advice. Some people will say this isn’t a representation of all women, of course not. But tiktok is very popular amongst the youth and tons of young girls are getting affected by TikTok nowadays.

[https://vm.tiktok.com/ZM8x6TYmu/](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZM8x6TYmu/)

Anyway, First I do agree to confidence and personality such things are attractive traits in a man. But unfortunately, looks are just far more valuable than confidence and personality especially in 2021 dating apps are so popular almost everything is about looks.

1, Any man can present himself as confident.

2, Not every man can look attractive to women.

A lot of men see another man who is successful with women they chalk it up to the guy having a great game, a good personality. Confidence. It's easier on the ego to believe that these are men are successful because of something that they're doing, rather than something they are. That's a hard pill to swallow for most men.

These men may be able to replicate their confidence and game, but they can't however replicate their looks. Their muscular build, height, bone structure, facial features. These are things men are unable to replicate. Confidence itself may be attractive but it is disposable to women. Great confidence itself doesn't impress women.

Good genetic quality(Can reproduce attractive children) (Assuring mating success)

Women can easily get an attractive guy with confidence. So they don't even need to settle for an average or below average-looking guy with confidence. These guys are disposable.

Good-looking guys make women feel instantaneous attraction for them. Confidence and personality things like that does not create instantaneous attraction. Whereas looks does.

Confidence is not a substitute or a replacement for physical attraction. It is unfortunate. But that's just the way it is. There is non another way to create the raw organic feelings of attraction. That women feel when they see a good-looking guy. What this means for your is, if you are not a good-looking guy. It's over for you. Confidence is not going to change a woman's mind about you. The moment she looks at your face. Confidence is like a bonus when you already have enough height, are handsome, and are good-looking, well built.

Once again I do agree with women like confidence in a man, but if they're not physically attracted to you. What good would it do you? If she cannot appreciate the way you look. How can she appreciate your personality or confidence? Looks create sexual attraction. Behavior is what drives it. Looks are of more importance than confidence. Because looks help women decide whether or not they want to give you a chance with them or not. Remember this. They must appreciate your looks first. Then personality or confidence would help you.

Studies consistently show that looks are the most important factor for attractiveness and online dating is one of the main reasons why female standards(Look, Race and Height) have a huge increased. For women, the other qualities of men besides looks only start mattering after a certain standard in looks is met. So in other words, your job, interest, personality, and humor don't matter much if you're not good-looking enough.

Feel free to look at this youtube video

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wae4DiqsYlk&amp;t=760s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wae4DiqsYlk&amp;t=760s)

You can skip to 3:22 if you want

Source:

A guy who is 5/10 in the past and boost up to 7.5-8/10. The way women talk to me and treat me is completely different after I huge improve my looks. This is nothing about personality and confidence.

What I'm trying to say is if you're good-looking(at least 8/10) no matter you have a bad personality. You will still be getting a lot of opportunities to go on date and hookup/ONS with women because u are attractive. Especially if you are good-looking girls already think you have a good personality.

Edit: grammar

Reduce suffering: In the posts, the user describes how he or she has become more successful with women since improving his or her appearance. The author argues that looks are the most important factor for success in dating, especially in the year 2021. It is speculated that this may be due to the popularity of social media and dating apps, which place a heavier emphasis on appearances. The author recommends that those who are not good-looking should focus on developing a great personality and confidence, as these are less important to women than looks.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to focus on your physical appearance. Men should make sure they are physically attractive to women, by working out and taking care of their hygiene. Women should focus on their looks as well, by dressing well and taking care of their skin and hair. Social media apps like TikTok can be harmful to your self-esteem and confidence, so it is important to be aware of the negative impact they can have. It is also important to remember that looks are not everything, and men can still be successful with women if they have a good personality and confidence.

Increase understanding: 1. According to a study on the most important factor in dating success, "the most important factor for both men and women was similarity in personality." In other words, if you want to have a successful relationship, it's important that you and your partner are alike in terms of your personalities. 2. What makes a man attractive to women? According to one study, women are more likely to be attracted to men who are confident and self-assured. This means that if you want to be more attractive to women, you need to work on building up your confidence. 3. The importance of looks in dating has been debated for years. Some people believe that looks are the most important thing when it comes to dating, while others believe that confidence is more important. So which is it: looks or confidence? Well, according to a study on physical attractiveness and mate choice, "physical attractiveness accounts for about 25 percent of the variance in ratings of desir1. In what ways are personality similar? Do you need to have the same interests, hobbies, etc.? 2. How can a man be more self-assured? 3. What is the difference between physical attractiveness and mate choice?