Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

how can i make exercise a part of my life when i've been sedentary for years?
hi there, i need help. i rarely get out of the house, and i just straight up don't exercise. i'm easily fatigued and don't enjoy exercising so i haven't been able to make it a habit. i really need to, though; i want to lose weight and i do not meet standard exercise quotas.

please help! how can i make a habit of exercising when its never been a habit for me? thank you :(

Reduce suffering: The user is asking how they can make exercise a part of their life when they have been sedentary for years. It is likely that the user finds it difficult to engage in physical activity because they do not enjoy it and/or they are easily fatigued. Potential solutions for the user include finding an activity that is more enjoyable or finding a way to increase their energy levels so that they are able to exercise for longer periods of time.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to make exercise a part of your life. First, find an activity that you enjoy and is fun for you. There are many different types of exercises and activities to choose from, so find something that peaks your interest. Second, start off small by committing to just 10 minutes per day. Once you have successfully completed 10 minutes for a few days in a row, increase it to 15 minutes and continue progressing until you are able to complete the recommended 30 minutes per day. Finally, try to exercise with a friend or family member as this can provide additional support and motivation.

Increase understanding: There are a few different ways that you can make exercise a habit. You can set a specific time every day for when you will exercise, and make it an important part of your daily routine. You can also try to make a game out of it, and find exercises that are fun and enjoyable for you. Some people find that working out with friends makes it more fun, while others prefer to listen to music or watch TV while they work out. It's important to find something that you will enjoy, so that you will be more likely to stick with it. If you're someone who is relatively sedentary, you may want to start with shorter, easier exercises at first. Walking is a great way to get started, and there are many ways to make it more challenging, such as adding hills or speed walking. Other good exercises for people who are just starting out include cycling, swimming, and yoga. It's important not to overdo it at first, especially if youaren't used to exercising. Gradually increase the length and intensity of your workouts as you become more comfortable with them. When you're out of shape, it can be difficult to start exercising, but it's not impossible. The best way to start is by gradually adding a little bit more activity to your day. Take the stairs instead of the elevator, or park further away from the store when you go shopping. Once you've built up some endurance, try doing some simple exercises at home. There are many great resources online that can help you get started, such as fitness videos or routines that only require a few pieces of equipment. Just make sure to start slow and work your way up to more challenging exercises.