Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I stopped myself from self harming today.
No one was at home. I felt like punching the metal locker till the skin on my knuckles came off. I even took off the ring that they gave me for good luck so that it wouldn't be damaged. They had asked me not to take it off, ever. Well I did, to punch the locker. Wearing it had left an imprint on my finger. But then my cat saw me hovering intentionally in the corner. She walked up to me and meowed. I was unable to get out of bed till then and she wanted affection. So I gave it to her. Put the ring back on. I thought, my friend would be really worried if he noticed my knuckles had gotten even more damaged the next time we met. I told myself, how does self harming help in any way? Instead, do something that helps you, like taking the anti depressant on time. Go. So I spent some more time with the cat until the others came home and there was no risk of me trying something stupid. This is a win to me. Maybe I'll call up my friend in a bit and ask him to talk about something random for 5 minutes as a distraction. I can't share this to anyone, I could to him, but he'd worry. He's been asking me to write down my troubles as a coping mechanism, since I like writing. So here we are, reddit stranger. Here's my short story of deciding to be better.

Edit: I brushed way earlier than I usually do. Today is definitely a win.

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user is suffering from depression and may be self harming. The user's cat is a source of comfort and helps the user resist harming themselves. The user may benefit from therapy and/or medication.

Increase prosperity: 1. Meditate. When you take the time to clear your mind, you can focus on your goals and what you need to do to achieve them. 2. Exercise. Taking care of your body will help keep you healthy and focused. 3. Stay positive. Focusing on the good things in your life will help attract more good things into your life. 4. Surround yourself with positive people. They will help support and encourage you on your journey to prosperity.

Increase understanding: There are a few ways to help stop self harming behavior. One is to deal with the urges to self harm. When you feel the urge, try to distract yourself by doing something else. Some healthy coping mechanisms for dealing with stress and anxiety include exercise, relaxation techniques, journaling, and talking to a friend or therapist. It can also be helpful to find a support group for people who self harm.One way to deal with the urges to self harm is to try to distract yourself by doing something else. For example, you could go for a walk, listen to music, read a book, or watch TV. You could also try relaxation techniques such as deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation, or visualization. If you feel like you need to talk to someone, you can call a friend or therapist. It can also be helpful to find a support group for people who self harm.