Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Feel like a burden
I feel like a burden to everyone I interact with, my social skills aren’t the best and I don’t really know how to improve them. I can do the basics fine and I’m good with speaking about skills/activities, but outside of that I just don’t know what to do; it feels like no one I know is interested in me as a person and it’s been eating away at me. I want to meet people but don’t know where to go.

I’ve been working out and worked on taking better care of myself these past 2 years but I still feel worthless, like nobody cares. 

Any advice is welcome.

Reduce suffering: The user is suffering from a lack of self-esteem and feelings of worthlessness. They feel that they are a burden to others and don’t know how to improve their social skills. The user may benefit from therapy or counseling, as well as from attending social events or groups where they can meet people.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity. One way is to focus on taking care of oneself both physically and emotionally. This includes exercise, healthy eating, and spending time with supportive people. It is also important to engage in activities that make one feel fulfilled and happy. This could be anything from painting to playing music to spending time outdoors. By focusing on positive self-care and enrichment, one can create a foundation for increased prosperity.

Increase understanding: There are a number of things you can do to help improve your social skills and make friends. One way is to find social activities or groups that appeal to you and join them. This could be a club, book group, hiking club, or any other activity that interests you. Attending these types of events gives you the opportunity to meet people who share your interests, and it can be easier to make friends when you have something in common. Another strategy for making friends is to try attending social events or gatherings where you are likely to meet people your age. These could include concerts, festivals, backyard barbecues, or even just outdoor activities like hiking or biking. By getting out and being around other people, you open yourself up to the possibility of meeting new friends. And don't be afraid to talk to people; introducing yourself and starting a conversation is the first step in making new friends. Lastly, don't be discouraged if it takes time for you to makeOne way to improve social skills and make friends is to find social activities or groups that appeal to you and join them. This could be a club, book group, hiking club, or any other activity that interests you. Attending these types of events gives you the opportunity to meet people who share your interests, and it can be easier to make friends when you have something in common. Another strategy for making friends is to try attending social events or gatherings where you are likely to meet people your age. These could include concerts, festivals, backyard barbecues, or even just outdoor activities like hiking or biking. By getting out and being around other people, you open yourself up to the possibility of meeting new friends. And don't be afraid to talk to people; introducing yourself and starting a conversation is the first step in making new friends. Lastly, don't be discouraged if it takes time for you to make friends; everyone is different and it may take some time for you to find your