Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I live a double life and it's driving me to suicide.
There's Real Me, and there's Work Me. 

Work Me clocks in 5 minutes early every shift and usually clocks out 10 minutes late. Work Me has received numerous performance-based compliments and people always tell her how great she is at customer service. Work Me is extroverted, loud, and funny. coworkers, managers, and customers all love her. Work Me has trained new employees and serves as a role model for current employees. Work Me has a picture-perfect life: brand-new car, great relationship with her parents, an awesome mentor who works at the local sheriff's office and takes her on ride-alongs for fun, and she lives in her dad's 1200-square foot furnished basement...it's like an apartment down there. Work Me has tons of friends that she hangs out with after every shift and a cute athlete boyfriend. Work Me gets straight-A's and wants to go into business at the corporate level after she graduates high school.

Then there's Real Me. Real Me comes home from work every night and cries herself to sleep, if she can get to sleep at all. Real Me has vivid nightmares almost every night. Real Me hasn't eaten in 3 days...she's too stressed to be hungry. Real Me has dropped 8 pounds in the last week, and her work clothes keep falling off her. Real Me keeps to herself...she has plenty of people who want to be her friend, quite a few even want to date her, but she's pushed them all away. People who get too close to Real Me always end up getting hurt. Real Me manually switched off the headlights of her brand-new car the other night and sped down the most winding and dangerous road in the county.....she hoped she'd crash and die but she didn't. Real Me also attempted suicide by overdose when she was 15, survived, and every day she wishes she hadn't. Real Me is several days behind on her homework and is cheating her way through her senior year of high school. Real Me was abused all her life by her mother who finally kicked her out on the street when she turned 18. Real Me now lives with her father and his girlfriend...neither of whom like her very much. Real Me did in fact have a mentor at the sheriff's office...and she ruined his career years ago after leaking his personal texts while she was drunk. It gets worse...recently Real Me found out that she is the spitting image of her mentor's high school girlfriend who killed herself when she was 16. Real Me now spends her free time researching how to obtain a firearm...Real Me doesn't want to be here anymore. 

I guess this is a cry for help.

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be suffering from many different issues, including depression, stress, and self-harm. The causes of the individual's suffering are difficult to ascertain, but may include a history of abuse, trauma, or mental illness. The user may benefit from counseling or therapy, as well as medication if necessary. Gun ownership should not be considered as a solution to the user's problems.

Increase prosperity: There are many things that can be done to increase prosperity. One approach is to focus on Real Me and work to make her life better. This may involve providing support, such as counseling or mentorship, and helping her to build stronger relationships with others. Additionally, it may be helpful to provide her with opportunities for growth and enrichment, such as educational programs or vocational training. Another approach is to focus on Work Me and help her to become even more successful. This could involve coaching or training to improve her skills, supporting her professional development, and providing opportunities for recognition and reward. Ultimately, it is important for both Real Me and Work Me to feel happy and fulfilled in order to achieve prosperity.

Increase understanding: There is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of how to cope with having a double life, as everyone's situation and experiences will be different. However, here are some general tips that may be helpful: 1) Be honest with yourself and give yourself permission to have two identities. It's okay to be two different people in different contexts - in fact, it's probably necessary for your mental and emotional health. As long as you're not harming anyone else, there is no reason to feel guilty or ashamed about it. 2) Create a support system of close friends or family members who you can trust to keep your secret. Talking about your double life with someone else can help reduce the stress and anxiety associated with it. 3) Make sure to take time for yourself to relax and rejuvenate. Whether that means taking a long bath, going for a walk, or spending time with friends and family, make sure to schedule regular breaks fromcoping with a double life. 4) Be prepared for the challenges that come with living a double life. There will likely be times when you feel overwhelmed or stressed, and it's important to have strategies in place to deal with those emotions. 5) Remember that it is okay to ask for help. If you're struggling to cope with your double life, talking to a therapist or counselor can be very helpful.