Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Working makes me depressed.
I'm sure im not the only one but work exhausts me. I come home and i just go to bed because i cant fathom doing anything else. When i quit my job and moved in with my mom my depression disappeared. This seems to be a theme with me. If i have too many things to do everyday i just fall apart until i just lay in bed all day not eating or doing anything but if im left to do only as much as i feel i can do (which is pathetically little) I feel happy. Im not entirely sure what the point of my post is but i have been reflecting over it for a while now and i just seem to have very little mental energy for anything and when that energy is continously exhausted i become depressed not caring about anything. I tried cbt but the tasks overwhelmed me and made everything worse until i didnt do the tasks and just felt guilty for not doing the tasks which makes the depression worse.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing depression and suffering as a result. The exhaustion caused by work may be a contributing factor, as well as the sense of not being able to do anything else but lay in bed. The tasks of CBT may have been overwhelming, causing the depression to worsen.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity. One way is to simplify your life, by doing only what you feel capable of doing. This will help you avoid overwhelm and depression. Another way is to practice CBT tasks slowly, until you feel comfortable with them and can see the benefits they offer. Finally, it is important to have a support network, whether that be friends, family, or a therapist.

Increase understanding: There are a number of signs that you may be experiencing depression when you feel overwhelmed. Feeling constantly exhausted, having problems with sleeping, anxiety, irritability, and changes in appetite are all common symptoms. You may also find it difficult to concentrate or focus on anything, and feel like everything is just too much. In severe cases, you may have thoughts of suicide or self-harm. If you are experiencing these symptoms, it's important to seek help. There are a number of effective treatments for depression, including cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT can help you understand and manage your thoughts and feelings better, which can help lessen the symptoms of depression. It's also important to make sure you're taking care of yourself both physically and emotionally. Try to get regular exercise, eat a balanced diet, and set aside time for relaxation and stress-relieving activities. If you need help sticking to these habits, don't be afraid to ask for support from loved ones or mentalThere are a number of signs that you may be experiencing depression when overwhelmed. Feeling constantly exhausted, having problems with sleeping, anxiety, irritability, and changes in appetite are all common symptoms. You may also find it difficult to concentrate or focus on anything, and feel like everything is just too much. In severe cases, you may have thoughts of suicide or self-harm. If you are experiencing these symptoms, it's important to seek help. There are a number of effective treatments for depression, including cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT can help you understand and manage your thoughts and feelings better, which can help lessen the symptoms of depression. It's also important to make sure you're taking care of yourself both physically and emotionally. Try to get regular exercise, eat a balanced diet, and set aside time for relaxation and stress-relieving activities. If you need help sticking to these habits, don't be afraid to ask for support from loved ones or mental health professionals.