Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

He took my happiness away
To make a long story with a lot of red flags short, I am in a relationship with a married man. I knew he was married when I first got involved with him but he told the story a lot differently that made me think that he was in the process of moving out. He eventually did but that was only because his wife found out about me. Two years later here I am on the verge of suicide. He’s cheated on me with his ex wife, he’s cheated on me with women online , the list goes on. Why am I here you might ask? Well a month ago I gave birth to our son. My first child, his 3rd. I found out about some of the cheating a couple of weeks after my son was born and since then it’s like he’s sucked the joy out of my life. I’ve found that I have no patience for my newborn and at times become angry with my newborn and feel like I’m about to lose my shot with him. I have started to get really scary intrusive thoughts about my baby and myself. I feel like he’s taken the experience of a healthy relationship and the experience of a first time mom from me. I have literally hit my lowest point and I don’t know what to do. I know therapy is the first step but because our relationship is SOOOOOOO complex and he’s done sooooo much shit, I’m afraid if I open up that conversation I might harm myself.

Reduce suffering: This person is suffering because of their relationship with a married man. The man has cheated on the user multiple times, and the most recent betrayal was finding out the man had cheated on her with his ex-wife. This was also the man's third child. The user reports having no patience for her newborn, feeling anger towards him, and experiencing intrusive thoughts about herself and the baby. The user has hit their lowest point and does not know what to do. The suffering in this post could be caused by a number of things: the emotional pain of being betrayed multiple times, the stress of having a newborn, or guilt over what role the user may have played in the man's infidelity. Potential solutions for this user include therapy to help address the emotions caused by the relationship, support groups for single mothers, and/or counseling for guilt or Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).

Increase prosperity: 1. It is important to have a support system in order to increase prosperity. Friends and family can provide emotional support during difficult times. 2. It is important to have hobbies and interests outside of the relationship in order to maintain a sense of self. 3. If therapy is too complicated or risky, it might be helpful to seek out a support group for people in similar situations.

Increase understanding: There are many signs that can indicate that a relationship is unhealthy. One warning sign might be if one partner constantly puts the other down, makes them feel bad about themselves, or harasses them. Another sign might be if there is a lot of yelling and arguing, or if one partner constantly isolates the other from friends and family. Another warning sign could be if one partner is always demanding and never happy with anything the other does, or if they are constantly checking up on their partner to make sure they are not being unfaithful. If you are in an emotionally abusive relationship, there are some things you can do to try to protect yourself. One thing is to make sure you have a support system of friends or family who you can rely on. You can also keep a journal to document what is happening in the relationship, which can be helpful if you ever need to seek outside help. It is also important to practice self-care, such as getting regular exercise and eatingIf you are in an emotionally abusive relationship, there are some things you can do to try to protect yourself. One thing is to make sure you have a support system of friends or family who you can rely on. You can also keep a journal to document what is happening in the relationship, which can be helpful if you ever need to seek outside help. It is also important to practice self-care, such as getting regular exercise and eating a balanced diet.