Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Why make friends if they all leave in the end?
I feel very sad about parting with friends. From the start of the year, I'll be feeling it, even when I'm just with people I'm only starting to try to befriend. Why bother making friends if they're gonna go so soon? Currently I have some friends who are focusing in different fields from myself. We'll be together for two years (assuming they stay in this school till the end), and then they'll go into university. Uni here is split by fields so we will not be together anymore.

I don't feel like investing in relationships that will end so soon... I know we can keep contact online to some extent (maybe), but mostly online communication isn't very satisfying.

I don't want to love anybody because I don't want to grieve their loss. That sounds extreme because they're not passing away or anything but it's how I feel.

Perhaps this is could partly be an 'attachment style' issue?

Reduce suffering: The user is feeling a lot of sadness and grief around parting with friends. They feel like it's not worth making friends if they're just going to leave soon. They may have an attachment style issue where they have difficulty forming close relationships due to the fear of losing them. This can be addressed with therapy or counseling.

Increase prosperity: To increase prosperity, it is important to maintain healthy relationships with friends and loved ones. It is also important to invest time and effort into building new relationships. Maintaining online contact with friends can help to keep those relationships strong. Finally, it is important to remember that loss is a natural part of life, and grieve accordingly.

Increase understanding: 1. People leave for a variety of reasons - they may be moving away, they may have a falling out, or they may simply lose interest. 2. Some common causes of people leaving include feeling unsupported, feeling that one's needs are not being met, or feeling that the relationship is one-sided. 3. There are a few things that you can do to make friends who will stay: try to be understanding and supportive, make sure that your needs are also being met, and be sure to invest time in the relationship. 4. There are a few signs that a friend is about to leave: they may stop talking to you, they may distance themselves from the group, or they may start to act differently around you. 5. There are a few things that you can do to prevent friends from leaving: be understanding and supportive, make sure that your needs are also being met, and be sure to invest time in the relationship.1. Some of the reasons people leave can include moving away, having a falling out, or simply losing interest. 2. Some common causes of why people leave can include feeling unsupported, feeling that one's needs are not being met, or feeling that the relationship is one-sided. 3. There are a few things someone can do to make friends that will stay - like try being understanding and supportive, make sure both parties' needs are being met, and by investing time in the relationship. 4. Signs that a friend is potentially on the verge of leaving can manifest themselves in different ways - like talking less to you, distancing themselves from the group, or exhibiting different behaviors around you specifically. 5. There are preventative measures one can take to ensure their friends don't leave - such as being supportive and understanding, making sure both parties needs are being met, and taking the time to invest in the friendship. 6. Cop