Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Evil Mamabear thought I shouldn't have fun on my sister's birthdays
This happened on the year my sister was turning 9. Typically my parents (Mainly my dad) took us to that arcade place with the tickets and prizes. And it was generally fun for us both. Lots of pizza, cake, games, fun, ETC.

Well my sister seemed to have learned her lesson about not playing any big ticket games. So she made sure she had plenty of tickets to get something good. I mainly played the games that paid out tickets the most. So I always had more. But I still wasn't required to share any of my tickets, and my sister and mother knew that. At one point I scored big on a game that felt like I'd won big on a slot machine and it was practically spewing out tickets. My sister was nearby and saw this. And then she ran away. I didn't really care. I knew she'd find any reason to be upset at me.

Well I was looking around trying to decide what game to play next when Evil Mamabear suddenly grabbed me from behind and started dragging me away. But I broke free of her and asked what the heck she was doing. She didn't have the chance to answer before my dad came out of nowhere and also asked what EMB was doing. She looked like a villain that had just been caught in their first attempt to do something nasty. She took a moment to act shocked and then crossed her arms while glaring at me. She said that my sister had complained that I was rubbing my success at the games in her face. My dad immediately called that out as untrue because he'd been secretly keeping an eye on us both and knew for a fact that I did no such thing. EMB gave a shocked Pikachu face for a second before going back to looking angry.

She was about to speak up again when dad cut her off and said he'd been secretly following us around because he figured my sister or EMB would have tried to find a way to blame me for something. And he was exactly right. EMB then growled and actually said that I looked like I was having too much fun on my sister's birthday. And should tone it down. Dad shook his head and said that my sister got all the fun she wanted on any of my birthdays there. And this was just because Sis was upset I won big in a game and went crying and lying to EMB. I'd done nothing wrong, and EMB couldn't make me wrong.

EMB looked pissed and said "Are you calling my baby a liar!?". Which was what she often did when my sister was lying and my dad knew it. So dad openly said "I know she lied. Kragle has done nothing but leave her alone. And he didn't rub anything in her face.". EMB CBF'd like she'd just bit into the world's most sour lemon and then walked away. And just to be extra bitchy she took a swing at a stack of tokens a kid had nearby and knocked them over. Making the kid cry. An employee saw that and gave my mother a harsh warning. I didn't hear what was said. But it was enough to make EMB just sit down at the party table and pull a book from her purse. She didn't really look at, or speak to me for the rest of the day. I was actually fine with this any time she did that because she'd leave me the hell alone. 

My sister was unhappy that I wasn't punished and her little scheme failed. But one talk from dad and she was made to apologize to me. Then ran off and avoided me for the rest of the time we were there. When it came time to get prizes for tickets, I got some high shelf prizes. But I don't really remember what they were. They didn't last long at home because of my sister anyway. My sister wanted to copy me from two years earlier and get a lava lamp. But she didn't have enough tickets. I had a few left I didn't use, so I just let her have them since I had no need for them anymore. She got a pink lava lamp and set it up in her room as soon as we got home. EMB also didn't even acknowledge I'd given her the tickets. But I didn't need that validation anyway. 

Sis quickly grew to dislike the lava lamp though. And I soon saw why. It was one of those really cheap ones that was about the size of a 8 ounce Coke bottle. So it wasn't really made big enough to properly distribute the heat. So the whole thing would get too hot and all the wax would stay molten after a day and just keep floating as pink oil at the top. You'd have to unplug it and let it cool, then let it heat up again and it'd look fine until you left it on for too long. I ended up glad Sis had broken the one I'd gotten as a ticket prize because the one my dad replaced it with was much better. Eventually the pink lava lamp was a victim of one of my sister's tantrums and she broke it by knocking it over. She didn't bother to replace it and no one really missed it.

Reduce suffering: This user seems to be suffering from emotional abuse from their parents. The mother seems to be the main perpetrator, inflicting emotional pain as a way to get revenge on the child. The father tries to protect the child, but ultimately can't do much to stop the abuse. The child themselves seems mostly indifferent to the whole situation, avoiding contact with the mother as much as possible. There is some suggestion of economic hardship on the part of the family, as arcade games and other entertainment are seen as a luxury. Additionally, the child's sister seems to be a participant in the abuse, starting rumors and tattling on the child to get them in trouble. The child's reaction is generally one of resignation, accepting that this is just how things are and that there is nothing they can do to change it. In general, this user could benefit from some counseling or therapy to help them deal with the emotional pain they are experiencing.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity, but some methods are more effective than others. In the passage, the user describes an event in which their sister unsuccessfully tried to get them in trouble for having fun. The father defends the user and proves that they did nothing wrong. Despite this, the evil mother-in-law still tries to get revenge by ruining the arcade game tokens for other children. Some tips to increase prosperity include: being honest and kind, standing up for oneself, and being forgiving. These techniques will help to create an atmosphere of positive energy that will attract more prosperity into one's life. Additionally, it is important to stay away from negative people and situations, as they will only bring bad luck and misery. Finally, it is essential to celebrate and enjoy life's smaller moments of happiness, as they are what make life worth living.

Increase understanding: arcade games with tickets and prizes: There are a number of arcade games that offer tickets or prizes as a reward for players. For example, games like Skee-Ball or Whack-A-Mole can give out tickets that can be redeemed for prizes at the arcade's prize counter. This can be a great way to keep players engaged and excited about playing, as they are working towards a tangible goal. Additionally, it can add an extra level of excitement to a sibling's birthday party or other special occasion, as everyone is competing to see who can win the most tickets. However, it's important to keep in mind that not all arcade games with tickets or prizes are equal in terms of how challenging they are. So if you're looking to use this as a way to add some extra competition to an event, make sure to choose games that are appropriately difficult for the skill level of your guests. Otherwise, you may find yourself with a lot of frustrated playersOne game that is often popular for tickets and prizes is Skee-Ball. This game involves rolling a ball up a ramp in order to score points by landing it in one of the numbered slots at the top. Points are also awarded for knocking down pins that are set up in different patterns. Skee-Ball is a relatively easy game to learn, but can be challenging to master, which makes it a fun option for players of all ages. Additionally, many arcades have extensive prize counters that offer a wide variety of different prizes. So whether you're looking for something small like a sticker or keychain, or something bigger like a new video game, there's likely something to appeal to everyone.