Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Entitled friend/parent decides to bring their uninvited child to our adult Christmas party and take over our house.
My wife and I have an annual Christmas party at our house with our friends and siblings each year. Last year two of our friends had had a child shortly before the party. The child wasn’t invited last year either, but we weren’t bothered given it was more like bringing an uninvited potato than a person given it was an infant at the time. 

This year the child is walking and whatnot and they had told us they were getting a sitter so there seemed no reason to mention that it would not be appropriate to bring the child to our party. As the title indicates without asking or even telling us the child was coming they showed up with their kid and we had in no way set up our house to be child-proofed. As a result we had to close a bunch of doors that were intended to be left opened to allow guests to spread out into our basement and living room. So for most of the party we had about 14 people cramped in our small kitchen as the parents let their 1 year old child roam freely. 

Our party is by no means a rager, but people were drinking a lot less than normal and my wife and I weren’t drinking at all as we’re responsible for what happens in our house and the parents weren’t keeping a good eye on their child. The one thing the mom decided to do was tape a bunch of our drawers shut, without asking to do so and with our tape which meant she went through our drawers without asking, as obviously the kid was going around opening everything and pulling stuff out. 

As the unattended child continued around he kept messing with our dog, including taking food out of her bowl and pulling on her fur and the parents still didn’t do anything. Being between the dog and the child became part of my duties as host. Our dog is a rescue and quite skittish, and by some miracle of the universe it just put up with the child each time I wasn’t in the right place at right moment. Similarly the child pulled the bells off our door and broke them, that our dog has used since the day she was adopted to signal she needs to go outside, and now she can’t seem to understand that our new different looking bells are for the same purpose. 

Next the child was getting tired and cranky, and instead of taking the child home they decided it was time to go into our guest room which was closed and used to store all the extra stuff we had around the house that we moved to make room for the party and our guests. This greatly embarrassed my wife as we had cleaned all the public places completely and we didn’t do much for areas guests wouldn’t see. uninvited and without asking they set up a play pen for their child, which they built and then left the trash for in our house before returning to the party themselves. 

They didn’t leave until 10 basically killing around half the party for us, and much of the party for our other guests who didn’t stay that late.

I am by no means mad at the child, they’re a kid and don’t know any better, but the parents should’ve known to not bring their kid to an adult Christmas party.

Edit: I accept people’s judgement that I should’ve confronted them, my issue was that because we were putting out all the fires the other guests probably didn’t realize what was going on and everyone knows each other, but still I should’ve confronted them.

There is one thing I take issue with though “why are you complaining on the internet”? I was almost certain that’s the internet’s exact purpose.

Reduce suffering: This user's post describes suffering caused by an uninvited child at an adult Christmas party. The child was not appropriately supervised by their parents, which resulted in the child disturbing the hosts and guests, as well as damaging property. The host suggests that the parents should have known better than to bring their child to an adult party. I recommend that the user talk to the parents about their concerns and ask them to be more responsible in the future when bringing their child to events.

Increase prosperity: To increase prosperity, be mindful of the company you keep. If you are hosting an event, make sure to vet your guests to make sure that they will be respectful and not disruptive. If you are attending an event, be aware of the host's expectations and be respectful. If you have children, make sure to bring an adult that can watch them so that they do not disrupt the event. If you see that a child is being disruptive, speak to the parents about it. Finally, remember that prosperity comes in many forms, and sometimes it is simply enjoying time with friends and family.

Increase understanding: How to politely tell someone their child is not welcome at a party: There is no precise way to say this, but it is important to be polite and respectful. You could try something like, "I'm sorry, but we're not expecting any children at the party." or "Thank you for letting me know, but we're not really set up to entertain children." If the child is with their parent, you could say something like, "The party is for adults only, but I'm sure your child will have a great time elsewhere." If the child is unaccompanied, you might say, "I'm sorry, but we don't allow unaccompanied children at the party." Whatever words you choose, it is important to be polite and respectful in your delivery. What to do if an uninvited child shows up at a party: If an uninvited child shows up at your party, the best thing to do is to try to find the child's parentIf the child is with their parent, you could try to find the parent and ask them to take their child home. If the child is unaccompanied, you might try to find the child's parents by asking other guests or looking for contact information on the child's belongings. If you are unable to find the child's parents, you might need to call the police. How to handle an unruly child at a party: If a child is behaving inappropriately at your party, it is important to handle the situation calmly and effectively. You could try speaking to the child's parent if they are present, or else ask another adult to help you deal with the situation. It is important not to allow the unruly child to disrupt the rest of the partygoers. How to prepare for an adult party with children present: When hosting an adult party that will have children in attendance, there are a few things you can do to make sure everyone has a good time. First, make sure there is plenty