Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Rascist Karen Runs Away From Black People
So this happened when I was 10 years old, I was at the dollar store with my mother and we got our stuff and then we got in line. The person in front of us said to me and my mother “if you don’t move back I will have a panic attack right now” and then we moved back without saying anything but we couldn’t move far enough because the dollar store was quite small and there was a fair amount of people behind us. She decides to push us back along with the person behind us and say
“keep your black fingers away from me!” So then when she pays she throws the money at the *indian* cashier and sprints out of there.

Just realised after editing the title says rascist not racist doesn’t allow me to change the title so just read it as racist

Reduce suffering: The post describes an incident where a person, Karen, became scared and ran away from another person, who happened to be black.Racism may have been a factor in Karen's decision to run away. It is possible that she was afraid of the black person for racist reasons, or that she simply felt uncomfortable and unsafe around them. There are many potential solutions for this type of situation. One solution might be to provide education on racism and its effects, so that people can better understand why someone may behave in a racist way. Another solution might be to create more opportunities for positive interactions between people of different races, in order to break down the barriers that cause fear and misunderstanding.

Increase prosperity: If you are experiencing racist behavior, our advice is to remove yourself from the situation as calmly and safely as possible. It can be difficult to confront someone who is behaving in a racist way, but it is important to do so when possible. There are many resources available to help with this, including hotlines and support groups. Remember that you are not alone, and there are people who want to help. Additionally, we recommend that you keep a journal of your experiences, both to document what has happened and to help keep track of your progress in dealing with these situations. Finally, we advise you to reach out for professional help if the racism is proving too much to handle on your own.

Increase understanding: If you ever encounter racism, there are a few things that you can do to address the situation. First, you can try to calmly talk to the person who is being racist. You can explain how their words or actions make you feel, and ask them to stop. If they refuse to listen or continue to be racist, it may be best to remove yourself from the situation. You can also report the incident to the authorities, if necessary. It's important to remember that you don't have to deal with racism on your own; there are people who can help you through it.There are a few things you can do if someone is being racist towards you. First, try to talk to the person calmly and explain how their words or actions make you feel. If they refuse to listen or continue to be racist, it may be best to remove yourself from the situation. You can also report the incident to the authorities, if necessary. Remember that you don't have to deal with racism on your own; there are people who can help you through it.