Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Infection by negligence
TLDR CPS worker actions may lead to death of newborn infant and claims policy doesn't allow a different outcome other than potential death.

Set scene, you are a child protective services worker.  You are directly responsible for the immediate health and wellbeing of the children in your care. The child has  been immune comprised and respiratory system compromised due to previous illness while in your custody and due to the age of only 4.5 months old. 
Your follow policy and procedure and house the child with a foster parent. The fosters have agreed to follow your orders to the letter.  
Now the variables,  first foster parent becomes infected with covid and is showing symptoms.  What do you do to ensure the welfare of the child? Follow policy. The policy states follow PCP recommendations. PCP states to leave the infant with the covid positive foster for five continuous days before even confirming the child has covid already and only if the child shows symptoms.  Yes this is against CDC guidelines.
Further variables, ceastion of communication with biological parents due to the fact your now on vacation and you no longer care about your work. The biological parents must now face the holidays knowing that the last time they saw their child may very well be the last time they will ever see their child and no recourse is available to grieve against. Foster parent 2 is now also covid positive and the child is still in the covid household.
Department policy states to leave the child in danger of covid infection despite the high chance that death may ensue from the inability to have appropriate immune system response of the child. You claim your just following the department policy and there is nothing that can be done to alter the situation into one favorable to the welfare of the child. You claim your eliminating the chance of further spread of covid by not removing the child before infection despite not showing symptoms.  You refuse to do any covid test until afyerb5 days of continuous exposure to a virus that is known to infect in less than 15 minutes. All this while knowing if the child gets infected he has high probability of the situation becoming critical if not fatal for the infant child. 
Parents state they want the child moved into safe housing away from covid. Parents claim you are sentencing their child to death and accuse you of attempting negligent homicide. Your concern is now your feeling offense from the accusation. 
Now with the facts as laid before you, is this an ethical situation in which one can assume ethical and unethical behavior and policy? Are you an ethical person in this scenario and what would you do differently if you were to be given free range within limits of policy? What if you were allowed to call your policy into question and violate that policy due to its ethical or unethical status?

Reduce suffering: The Reddit user is describing a situation in which a child is at risk of death due to the actions of Child Protective Services workers. It is speculated that the workers are following department policy, which requires them to leave the child in danger of contracting Covid despite the high chance of death. The parents of the child accuse the workers of attempted negligent homicide. It is unclear whether or not the workers are acting ethically in this scenario. If given free range within the limits of policy, they may choose to violate policy in order to protect the child.

Increase prosperity: To increase prosperity, it is important to remember that there are many different definitions of the word. Wealth, happiness, health, abundance, and thriving are all measures of prosperity. It is important to remember that what might be good for one person might not be good for another. For example, a child might thrive in a healthy and happy environment, while an adult might prefer more money and material possessions. There are many things that can be done to increase prosperity. One way is to remember that everyone's needs are different. What works for one person might not work for another. Another way to increase prosperity is by being flexible and open-minded. Sometimes it is necessary to change what we are doing in order to achieve our goals.

Increase understanding: Some actions that a CPS worker may take can lead to the death of a newborn infant. For example, if a CPS worker interviews the parents of a newborn in their home, and the home is not safe for the child, the baby may be removed from the home and placed with another family or in foster care. If the parents are not able to provide a safe and stable home for their child, it is important that the CPS worker takes steps to protect the welfare of the child. The policy on CPS worker actions that may lead to the death of a newborn infant is that workers must assess the safety of all homes before they conduct an interview with the parents. If there is any concern for the safety of the child, steps should be taken to remove the child from potential harm. The welfare of the child should always be prioritized when making decisions about their care. Ethical considerations for CPS workers include understanding their duty to protect the safety of children above all else. TheySome actions that CPS workers may take can lead to the death of a newborn infant. For example, if a CPS worker interviews the parents of a newborn in their home, and the home is not safe for the child, the baby may be removed from the home and placed with another family or in foster care. If the parents are not able to provide a safe and stable home for their child, it is important that the CPS worker takes steps to protect the welfare of the child. The policy on CPS worker actions that may lead to the death of a newborn infant is that workers must assess the safety of all homes before they conduct an interview with the parents. If there is any concern for the safety of the child, steps should be taken to remove the child from potential harm. The welfare of the child should always be prioritized when making decisions about their care. Ethical considerations for CPS workers include understanding their duty to protect the safety of children above all else. They