Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Is it unethical to use steroids if you’re not using it for any sports or competition?
Body dysmorphia has gone up these recent years. And a lot of people are using steroids to improve their shape. 

Not a lot of people are aware just how many are using steroids and it’s not just the very big guys, but these people are not necessarily using it to win a body building competition or other sports but just for the looks. They might post their body pictures on social media and walk shirtless around on beaches. 

Knowing that people are struggling with body image and are working out a lot and don’t know how many are using steroids, is it then unethical to use it?

Is it unethical to lie about using it given the stigma (or illegality) that is associated with it? Does it matter how much you are putting yourself out there to be seen in terms of ethics?

I’m not talking about the potential health impacts toll on the health care system, but just purely from a perspective of body expectations. You could say the same about the kind of cosmetic surgery that improve your looks or make you look younger than the rest.

Reduce suffering: The user's posts characterize suffering caused by body dysmorphia and steroid use. The AI recommends that the user speak with a physician about their concerns and suggests resources for body-positive reinforcement.

Increase prosperity: There are many ways to increase prosperity. One way is to focus on increasing body image and self-esteem. This can be done by promoting healthy body images and providing education about the dangers of steroid use. It is also important to provide resources for those struggling with body dysmorphia. Another way to increase prosperity is to focus on increasing community involvement. This can be done by organizing events that bring the community together or by starting programs that promote community engagement.

Increase understanding: 1. Body dysmorphia disorder is a mental illness that causes people to have a distorted view of their bodies. They may see themselves as being too fat or too thin, even when they are a healthy weight. People with body dysmorphia often feel so ashamed of their bodies that they will go to great lengths to hide them, even if it means risking their health. 2. Steroids are a type of hormone that the body produces naturally. They are used to help the body build muscle mass and increase strength. When steroids are taken in pill form or injected into the body, they can produce dramatic results very quickly. However, there are many risks associated with steroid use, including heart disease, liver damage, and acne. 3. Steroids are legal in the United States, but they are considered a controlled substance. This means that they can only be obtained with a prescription from a doctor. 4. The risks of using steroids for personal appearance are not as well-The risks of using steroids for personal appearance generally include nasty side effects like acne, liver damage, and heart disease. There is also the very real possibility that someone could become addicted to steroids, which can have a negative impact on many aspects of their life. 5. The difference between using steroids for competition and using them for personal appearance is largely one of motivation. People who use steroids for competition typically do so in order to improve their performance and win medals or trophies. Those who use steroids for personal appearance are more likely to be interested in looking muscle than in any competitive benefits. 6. People generally have mixed feelings about those who use steroids for personal appearance. Some people may view them as cheaters, while others may admire their dedication and discipline.