Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I'm tired of my parents pretending they didn't raise me to be me (rant)
I (25f) was always a very well-behaved child and had really good grades. I never gave my parents any trouble. They both worked full-time my whole childhood, though, so we had nannies come over and watch me / do house chores. Imo that's what made me really independent. I played alone, I started cooking for myself at like 9, and I did most homework by myself (except math bc I hated it; they helped me sometimes at night with specific questions when coming back from work, but they got pissed if I waited for them to start hw). They never had to worry about me. My brother (18) had a completely different childhood because my parents were older, they change their shifts to half-time, and he was much closer with them, my mom cooked for him and helped with his homework all the way through high school. 

That's fine. I love that my brother had the opportunity to share more time with them, and I'm glad he received the help I once didn't. I get things were harder when I was a kid, and they had to work more hours and they weren't able to be around as much.

However, they don't like that I almost always want to be alone, they don't like that I am more reserved and don't share much about other aspects of my life; my older sister told me they think I'm super grumpy, but I'm not, I'm just not close with my parents (I have very close relationships outside my family). But the thing is, they practically pushed me to be that way, and it's really unfair that they don't see where my behavior and attitude come from. It feels almost like gaslighting (they're both psychologists, btw, they should deduct these things). They want me to be like my brother is with them, but I simply can't, and it's not my fault. I like our relationship as is, with some distance.

In short: at 25, my parents want a closer relationship with me but were very absent during my childhood, and I'm comfortable keeping some distance. I hate that parents pretend to forget what their kids' childhood was like.

Reduce suffering: The user seems to be suffering from a sense of betrayal and resentment. They feel that their parents pretended not to raise them in a certain way, when that is in fact how they turned out. This has caused them some pain and distance in their relationship with their parents. Potential solutions for the user could involve exploring the roots of this conflict and attempting to repair the damage done in the past.

Increase prosperity: Parents should try to be more present in their child's life, even if they are busy working. They should be available to help with homework or provide support when needed. Parents should also try to understand their child and what makes them unique. Having an open dialogue can help bridge any gaps in understanding. Lastly, parents should not try to change their child into someone they are not, but accept them for who they are.

Increase understanding: There are a few key ways to have a closer relationship with your parents, even if they live far away. First, communication is key. Make sure to talk to your parents on a regular basis, whether it's through phone calls, texts, or emails. Share what's going on in your life, and ask them about theirs too. It will help keep you connected. Additionally, try to visit them whenever you can. If that's not possible, try to Skype or FaceTime with them regularly. Seeing their faces will help keep you close. Finally, stay involved in their lives as much as you can. Support their interests and go to family events whenever possible. By doing all of these things, you'll create a strong and lasting bond with your parents, no matter how far apart you are.Distance can be tough in a parental relationship, but there are ways to overcome it. First, make sure to communicate as often as possible. Talk on the phone, send text messages, or emails. This will help you feel closer to each other. Additionally, try to visit each other as often as you can. If that's not possible, use video chat features like Skype or FaceTime to stay in touch. Seeing each other's faces will help keep you close. Finally, stay involved in each others lives as much as you can. Support your parents' interests and attend family events when you can. By doing these things, you'll strengthen your relationship with your parents, even if you're far apart.