Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Interview Tip #1
“What are your current salary requirements?” 

Don’t answer this question with a number. Don’t. Under any circumstances. Don’t do it. It’s a very common question for HR or the hiring interviewer to ask during an interview. It’s also all things considered a reasonable question to ask from their side, but don’t give them a number. Here’s how you respond. “I’m certainly flexible if the job is a good fit which I think it will be. What is the range you have budgeted for this position?” 9/10 times they will respond telling you what you’ll end up making.

Say a job is going to pay in the range of $17-$23 an hour. If you answer with $16 you’ve sold yourself short. If you say $30 you’re going to come across as a crazy person. Now you know to talk about your skills and what you bring to the company and shoot for that upper range. 

Information is power. Get them to give you the information you need and go from there. If they ask online to fill out a section that asks how much you want don’t fill it out. If it makes you fill it out just put $1.

Edit: Everyone is saying this is bad advice because you need to do research beforehand and have a good range in mind. Obviously, do that as well. Don’t go in completely blind. But at the end of the day this is the best way not to sell yourself short.

Reduce suffering: The user appears to be struggling in their job search. They may be seeking advice on how to negotiate their salary. The artificial intelligence recommends that the user not give a number, and instead wait for the interviewer to offer information about the pay range for the position.

Increase prosperity: When asked about salary requirements, we recommend not giving an exact number, but instead providing a range that you are willing to work with. This will give you some negotiating power and prevent you from underselling yourself. Additionally, be sure to emphasize your skills and qualifications in order to justify a higher salary. Finally, always be prepared to walk away from a job opportunity that does not offer a fair wage.

Increase understanding: When asked about current salary requirements, there are a few key best practices that can help you answer the question in a way that benefits you. First, always do your research and know what you're worth. This information will give you a good starting point for negotiating your salary. Next, be prepared to back up your request with concrete reasons and examples. If you can demonstrate how you've added value to your previous employers, this will help to support your case. Finally, stay positive and respectful when discussing money. Remember that the negotiation is a process, and it's important to maintain a good relationship with your potential employer throughout.There are a few key things to keep in mind when answering the question, "What are your current salary requirements?" First, always do your research and know what you're worth. This information will give you a good starting point for negotiating your salary. Next, be prepared to back up your request with concrete reasons and examples. If you can demonstrate how you've added value to your previous employers, this will help to support your case. Finally, stay positive and respectful when discussing money. Remember that the negotiation is a process, and it's important to maintain a good relationship with your potential employer throughout.