Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Feeling Stuck and Hopeless 😩
Hello fellow life doers. Guess you could say I’m responsible, sure. But damn do I feel like shit lately…

I’m a 24(M) who’s been struggling with depression and anxiety since I was a teenager. It feels like it comes in waves where I feel great and motivated then crash into depressive episodes. Except what I’ve noticed recently is that my periods of feeling great are a lot shorter and my periods of feeling depressed are a lot longer. I’m starting to dig a hole for myself faster than I am able to climb out of and I’m worried. My well-being is slowly declining and I can’t muster up the motivation to work towards creating a better life.

I will mention that I recently was divorced from my Ex-wife… however it was a short lived relationship. Long story short I started dating this girl, got a bit careless, got her pregnant, got married, had a miscarriage, got divorced… all in less than 6 months. It was a roller-coaster of emotions that contributed to a lot more negative thinking. I recognize that this event is probably a big reason for my current stress and depression, but I still think there’s more to it. All my relationships that I ever had were less than 6 months, but consisted of intense emotions where we say I love you and such in a short amount of time. I think my depressive cycles have revolved around relationships. Or rather seeking love, lust, and infatuation. Love is a drug and damn I get high asf’ off it sometimes.

I think about the next time I will be in love again and that creates the period of motivation for me. Then I meet someone, fall in love, fall out of love, then get depressed. This has been my cycle and I hate it. I feel stuck and I feel hopeless. I see this pattern as self-destructive and honestly a little pathetic. Like don’t I have anything else going for me besides tryna hook up and fall in love? Well no actually and that’s where I’m stuck, after my last relationship with my Ex I’ve said no more to these stupid dating shenanigans for right now until I can get into a better spot in my life. 

With that being said, I need some advice. Before, I would get myself motivated for life by the prospect of a meeting a new partner. Now that I’m letting that way of thinking go, I need help finding a new source of motivation. A new why. It’s been struggle to find it and I was wondering if anyone else had been through something similar and found an answer or a process that worked for them. All of your responses are greatly appreciated. Anyways thank you and have a nice day!

Reduce suffering: The user is suffering from depression and anxiety, which are causing them to feel stuck and hopeless. They may also be feeling guilty and ashamed about their recent divorce. The user could benefit from therapy and medication to help treat their mental health conditions. They could also benefit from exploring healthy coping mechanisms for stress, such as exercise or journaling.

Increase prosperity: To increase prosperity, it is important to focus on positive emotions and thoughts. When you are feeling stuck and hopeless, it is important to find new sources of motivation. One way to do this is to focus on your passions and interests. Consider what makes you happy and find ways to incorporate these things into your life. It is also helpful to set goals and make plans for the future. This can help you to feel more in control of your life and provide a sense of purpose. Finally, it is important to be kind to yourself and give yourself time and space to heal. Seek out support from friends or professionals as needed.

Increase understanding: Depression and anxiety are common in teenagers, with symptoms including changes in mood, weight, sleep, and energy levels. A high functioning depression is a form of depression that can be difficult to diagnose, as the individual may appear to function normally. Symptoms can include difficulty concentrating, indecisiveness, and feelings of emptiness. Depression can also be accompanied by anxiety disorders, which can cause physical symptoms such as a racing heart, shortness of breath, or dizziness. How to deal with a break-up largely depends on the relationship itself. If it was a healthy relationship, it is best to take some time for yourself to mourn the loss. Talk to friends and family about what happened and how you're feeling. Allow yourself to feel the full range of emotions, including anger and sadness. If you were in an unhealthy relationship, it is best to get professional help in order to deal with the emotional pain. A miscarriage can be a very difficult experience for a woman toSymptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder can include flashbacks, nightmares, and intrusive thoughts about the event. It is normal to experience some of these symptoms after a traumatic event, but if they are persistent or severely interfere with your daily life, you may have PTSD. Feelings of hopelessness and helplessness are common in people who are struggling with depression or anxiety. These feelings can be very disabling and make it difficult to see a way out of the situation. However, there are ways to cope with these feelings. seeking professional help can be incredibly helpful in managing these emotions. Talking to friends or family members can also be helpful, as they can provide support and a listening ear.