Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

i got a bf but
im still not part of society. I don’t really have much history in this world. I basically laid depressed in my room for years, no life. no human connections whatsoever… it’s hard to make friends when you don’t have a history. 

i talk with my boyfriend and he reminds me of this. I didn’t go to any friends’ parties when i was younger, never had sex before him or any relationships, never experienced the normal young adult/college stuff, forget about the teen experience…. 

don’t have a loving family. the friends ive tried to make along the way turned out to see me as fifth wheel or just plain didn’t like me, talked bad about me.


i feel completely alien to this world. 
and I just want to not exist. i feel an ache in my chest that sometimes is apparent and i know it is my mind making it physically known that i am not well, i am not happy. i am tired and sleep doesn’t bring me energy.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing a great deal of suffering. This may be due to a lack of social interaction, which can lead to feelings of isolation and loneliness. The user may also feel like they don't belong in the world, leading to a sense of alienation. These feelings can be very distressing and may cause significant psychological distress. Possible solutions include seeking counseling or therapy, or joining social groups or clubs that focus on activities the user enjoys.

Increase prosperity: Based on the information provided, it is recommended that the user explore ways to connect with society and make friends. Participating in social activities, such as attending parties or joining clubs, can help the user meet new people and build relationships. Additionally, the user may want to consider seeking out professional counseling or therapy to help address any underlying mental health issues that may be contributing to feelings of isolation and depression. Lastly, sufficient sleep and exercise can help improve mood and overall well-being.

Increase understanding: There are a lot of different ways to make friends, but some methods might be more difficult than others, especially if you don't have a history of making friends. For example, if you're an adult and you've just moved to a new city, it might be difficult to find friends who are in your age group. In that case, you might have to be more proactive in finding friends. One way to do that is to join social clubs or groups that align with your interests. That way, you'll already have something in common with the other people in the group, and it will be easier for you to make friends. If you're feeling lonely or socially anxious, joining a group can also help you to overcome those feelings. Another way to make friends is by being open and friendly when you meet new people. When you see someone that you want to get to know better, say hello and start a conversation. It can also help to put yourself out there by attendingThere are a lot of different ways to make friends, but some methods might be more difficult than others, especially if you don't have a history of making friends. For example, if you're an adult and you've just moved to a new city, it might be difficult to find friends who are in your age group. In that case, you might have to be more proactive in finding friends. One way to do that is to join social clubs or groups that align with your interests. That way, you'll already have something in common with the other people in the group, and it will be easier for you to make friends. If you're feeling lonely or socially anxious, joining a group can also help you to overcome those feelings. Another way to make friends is by being open and friendly when you meet new people. When you see someone that you want to get to know better, say hello and start a conversation. It can also help to put yourself out there by