Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I live in an area that was hit bad by the tornado (Kentucky). I’ve been without electricity since December 10. My utility company sent me this message yesterday and I’m not exactly sure what all of this means:
From utility company: 

“Your service is an old direct buried service (not in conduit) that was installed years ago. It was damaged by the tornado. You will need to contact an electrician and have it replaced to code (with conduit) before we can restore power to your home. I believe the guys attempted to make contact this morning and could not reach anyone to speak to or they would have explained it to you at that time (that is coming in second hand from the field). You can call in the morning and speak to an engineer or go ahead and procure an electrician and they will know what to do.”


Is this going to cost an arm and a leg? Will I likely be displaced for longer?
Or is this relatively easy? Why wouldn’t the utility company do this/put me in conduit? What is conduit?!

Any feedback would be great. I’m calling an electrician shortly. 

Extra info: I am on my own transformer. This is in Bowling Green, KY.

** UPDATE ** thank you all for the helpful &amp; kind  comments. An electrician came by earlier today &amp; I should have electricity in the next 48 hours. Fingers crossed. Thank you

Reduce suffering: The user describes experiencing significant suffering as a result of damage to their electric service caused by a tornado. There is a sense of confusion and isolation, exacerbated by the user not understanding what the utility company is telling them. The user reports that they are going to have to hire an electrician, but is anxious about the potential cost and how long the work will take. Some potential causes of the suffering are lack of knowledge and confusion, financial stress, and worry about the future. Potential solutions include providing more information to the user, community resources such as financial or job assistance, and scheduling a timeframe for the work so that the user has some certainty.

Increase prosperity: Based on the information in the passage, it appears that the individual's home was damaged by a tornado and is in need of an electrician to have the service replaced to code. It is important to note that this may incur additional costs for the individual. It is recommended that the individual reach out to their utility company for more information and possibly speak to an engineer to understand what exactly needs to be done.

Increase understanding: A direct buried service is a wiring system that is installed directly in the earth. It is not housed in conduit, as other wiring systems are. Direct buried services are often used in rural areas where there are no other options for wiring a home or business. The consequences of not having a direct buried service replaced can be significant. Not only will the home or business be without power, but the lack of a properly installed wiring system can also lead to safety concerns. Hiring an electrician to have a direct buried service replaced is the best option. They have the experience and training necessary to replace this type of wiring system safely and efficiently. Depending on the length and complexity of the job, it can cost anywhere from $500 to $1,000 to have a direct buried service replaced.DIY enthusiasts should never attempt to replace a direct buried service themselves, as this can be dangerous and result in serious injury.A direct buried service is a wiring system that is installed directly in the earth, as opposed to being housed in conduit. It is often used in rural areas where there are no other options for wiring a home or business. The consequences of not having a direct buried service replaced can be significant. Not only will the home or business be without power, but the lack of a properly installed wiring system can also lead to safety concerns. Hiring an electrician to have a direct buried service replaced is the best option, as they have the experience and training necessary to do so safely and efficiently. Depending on the length and complexity of the job, it can cost anywhere from $500 to $1,000 to have a direct buried service replaced. DIY enthusiasts should never attempt to replace a direct buried service themselves, as this can be dangerous and result in serious injury.