Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

“Hard days are necessary for your growth. They are lessons that will make you strong.”
I love a good motivational post / quote when I see one, but since having gone through severe trauma, reading stuff that glamorise the “hard days” of trauma as “lessons” that will “make you stronger” or “a better person” just leave a bitter taste in my mouth. 

I did not ask for growth. I did not need 100% of the hard days from my trauma to make me a stronger or better person. I did not need the traumas that I went through. They are not necessary. Rape and sexual assault, abuse, and struggling to cope with the repercussions of those instances are not “a necessary part of my journey”.

Stop. Stop this. Get the fuck out of here.

Reduce suffering: This user is experiencing a great deal of suffering as a result of trauma. The causes of the suffering are clear: the user did not ask for or need the hard days that led to their growth. Potential solutions for this user include validated self-compassion; support from friends, family, or professionals; and healing modalities such as yoga, meditation, EMDR, and/or therapy.

Increase prosperity: In order to increase prosperity, it is important to focus on growth and development. Hard days are necessary for growth, and they can make you stronger. However, it is important to remember that not all hard days are necessary, and trauma should not be glamorized. It is also important to focus on positive emotions, such as happiness, health, and abundance. To thrive, it is important to set goals and work towards them.

Increase understanding: There are many quotes about hard days being necessary for growth. For example, “When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength” by Arnold Schwarzenegger. This means that you can become stronger after going through hard times. Furthermore, there are many examples of people who became stronger after going through hard times. For instance, Oprah Winfrey became one of the most successful talk show hosts in the world after she was raped at the age of nine. Moreover, J.K. Rowling was a single mother on government assistance when she wrote the first Harry Potter book. Steve Jobs was fired from his own company and had to start over. All of these people coped with trauma without feeling like it was necessary for their growth. In fact, they felt like it was a hindrance to their growth. However, in hindsight, they realized that it was necessary for them to go through these hardships in order to become who they are today.Some quotes about hard days being necessary for growth include, “When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength” by Arnold Schwarzenegger and “The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph! What we obtain too cheaply, we esteem too lightly. Heaven knows how to put a proper price on its goods” by Thomas Paine. Furthermore, examples of people who became stronger after going through hard times include Oprah Winfrey, J.K. Rowling, and Steve Jobs.