Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I told my mom what my husband is getting this year.
This year is mine and my husband’s first Christmas together as a married couple. 
My husband has never liked my mom. To quote him: “she is an incredibly bitter woman who hides herself in a mountain of artificial sweetener. She might be pleasant at first, but as time goes on, she will eventually leave a bad taste in your mouth.”

Well, a few days ago she asked what I was getting him for Christmas and I very stupidly and naively told her, not thinking anything of  it. 
She showed up yesterday I drop off my husband’s Christmas gifts. They were unwrapped because she wanted to see his reaction, since she wouldn’t be there on Christmas Day. Want to guess what they were????? The exact same thing I had been planning to get him just this week. Down to the last detail. I was so upset.  My husband seemed blown away though so I waited until she left to talk to him. When she was gone he immediately asked if she had done something to upset me and I explained to him. He told me not  to worry because our first Christmas as a married couple was enough alone to make this year a good Christmas but he understood and was mad with her too for what she did. 

I called her up today and confronted her. She said that she always felt like he didn’t like her but now that he’s her son-in-law, she wanted to change that and really try to rebuild their relationship. She wanted to get him something nice this year but didn’t know what, so she wanted to get ideas from me since I’d definitely know a good gift for him. She asked if she had made me mad, to which I said yes. She responded with “I was only trying to get close to my newest son, I don’t feel you should be this upset.” To which I hung up on her. 


So now here I am, just three weeks away from Christmas and I have no idea what to get my husband (and it’s sent my anxiety into a full on spiral) and my mom has made the rounds to family where she is just a poor victim to my temper. These were not cheap gifts and a lot of thought went into them. And family are on my backside now about being mean to my mom and “hogging” my husband from the rest of the family. What a way to kick off our first ever married couple Christmas.

Reduce suffering: This user is evidently experiencing a great deal of suffering. The main sources of this suffering appear to be the user's difficult relationship with their mother, and the stress and anxiety of trying to find a Christmas gift for their husband. The emotional pain caused by the user's difficult relationship with their mother is clearly evident. The user describes their mother as "a bitter woman who hides herself in a mountain of artificial sweetener." They also say that "she might be pleasant at first, but as time goes on, she will eventually leave a bad taste in your mouth." This paints a very negative portrait of the user's mother, and it is easy to see why they would experience a great deal of suffering around her. The anxiety and stress caused by the gift-giving process appears to be significant as well. The user describes themselves as being "in a full on spiral." They also say that they have "no idea what to get my husband" and that "a lot of thought went

Increase prosperity: Christmas is a time of giving, and your mother-in-law was only trying to do something nice for her new son. If you are unable to get along with her, it might be best to stay away from her during the holiday season. Instead, try to focus on your husband and make this a special time for the two of you. Maybe plan a trip to visit family or go on a romantic vacation. Whatever you do, don't let your mother-in-law spoil the joy of Christmas.

Increase understanding: Christmas gift ideas for a husband can be difficult to come up with, but it is definitely worth the time and effort. One option is to think about what your husband enjoys doing and try to find a gift that matches his interests. For example, if your husband loves golfing, you could buy him a new set of golf clubs or a subscription to a golf magazine. If he enjoys spending time in the kitchen, you could buy him a new cookbook or a gift certificate to a cooking class. Another option is to get something practical that your husband can use every day. For example, you could buy him a new wallet or a nice watch. If he travels for work, you could buy him an airport lounge membership or a new suitcase. If you are stuck for ideas, you can always resort to buying your husband a gift card. This option allows your husband to choose his own gift, which can be great if he is difficult to shop for. Some good places toSome good places to buy gift cards include grocery stores, department stores, and online retailers. If you decide to go this route, make sure you choose a card from a store that your husband is likely to visit. Another option is to create a "homemade" gift card. This can be as simple as buying a blank gift card and writing your husband's favorite store or restaurant on the front. If you are struggling to deal with difficult family members during the holidays, there are a few things that you can do to make the process a little bit easier. One option is to try and adopt a positive attitude. This may be difficult, but it can be worth it in the long run. Another option is to set some ground rules ahead of time. For example, you could agree that no one will argue or raise their voice at any point during the get-together. You could also try and schedule specific times for talking about contentious topics. This will help to minimize the