Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

My n mom doesn't respect physical or sexual boundaries
She is insistent on combing my hair every morning and I'm 23. If I don't let her do it she loses her shit. I have a panic attack in the bathroom every morning over it. 

She has touched my boobs. She has said that if I don't like her touching me she didn't know how I was going to have sex with my boyfriend. She has put her hands down my pants (to check if they were too big... As I was an adult). And she smacked my ass too many times to count. 

Her narcissism is based on looks. I wouldn't say I'm bad looking but it's not too common that I'm one of those people that's 'expressive' or invested. She also comments on how I'm not trying to look good, that I'm a attractive person and so should try harder, or sometimes that I could look good 'if I wanted to' and also points out flaws in my physical appearance. 

This also culminates into commenting when I'm losing weight and then feeding me nothing but fast food! Or commenting that I have 'sexy' body parts. 

She also is so insistent in me parting my hair that she will literally make me push her off of me if I don't. 

She constantly comments on how I smell. 1. Nobody else does 2. If I do I'm just sweating from anxiety. 

Somebody please help me I'm seriously tired of freaking out every morning like there's a wolf in my house

Edit: for confusion my nmom is my grandmother because I was raised by her so for the sub I usually say nmom because she raised me

On that note my edad is my grandpa and biodad is biological dad. I was raised by my grandparents because my parents were addicts. 

Thanks for understanding guys

I'm so relieved to be believed and all the incoming support! I've been struggling a lot with other life circumstances and it's really giving me a lot of hope in moving forward and in my own strength. I'm very grateful for all the kind words and advice and that there's a way out. I have been taking note

Reduce suffering: The user is experiencing suffering due to their grandmother's physical and sexual boundary violations. The grandmother is apparently a narcissist who bases her self-esteem on her looks, and she is exceedingly critical of the user. She also micromanages the user's grooming, often employing physical force to do so. Additionally, the grandmother constantly comments on the user's body odor, despite the fact that nobody else seems to notice anything wrong. There are a few potential solutions for the user. One solution could be to speak with a therapist about the situation and explore ways to deal with the boundary violations. Another solution could be to set clear boundaries with the grandmother and insist that she respects them. If those boundaries are not respected, then the user could remove themselves from the situation as much as possible. Finally, it might be helpful for the user to educate themselves on narcissism and its effects, in order to better understand why their grandmother behaves in such a harmful way.

Increase prosperity: There are a few things that could be done in order to increase prosperity in this situation. The first would be to set physical and sexual boundaries with the mother. If the user feels uncomfortable with anything that is happening, they should make it clear to their mother that those boundaries need to be respected. Additionally, the user could try to engage in activities that make them feel good about themselves, such as spending time with friends or loved ones, writing, painting, or simply enjoying nature. It may also be helpful to keep a journal in which they document any negative thoughts or feelings they are experiencing, as well as any positive moments. Lastly, the user should reach out for help if they are feeling overwhelmed or stuck. There are many supportive communities online and off who would be happy to provide guidance and support.

Increase understanding: Narcissistic mothers can have difficult time maintaining physical and sexual boundaries with their children. Often, they may comb their child's hair to excess or engage in other overly familiar behaviors. Narcissistic mothers may also be more likely to sexually exploit or abuse their children. They may cross boundaries with impunity, feeling that their needs and wants supersede those of their children. This can create a great deal of anxiety and insecurity in the child, who may feel confused and powerless to stop the abuse.Examples of narcissistic mother physical boundaries might include excessively touching and hugging their children, combing their hair, or dressing them. Narcissistic mothers might also be more likely to invade their children's privacy, for example, by coming into their bedrooms without knocking. They may also sexually exploit or abuse their children. This might involve making the child touch them inappropriately, kissing them against their will, or even coercing them into sexual acts.