Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

My (26m) partner (29f) is scaring me
Last night after drinking my partner woke me up in the middle of the night by choking me. She had my arms pinned down by her knees and held both hands around my throat seriously squeezing hard. I had to free my arms and loosen her grip to breathe. She tried again later with a pillow and with a headlock. 

She asked me if I wanted to be murdered. I said no. She said “well too bad, don’t fall asleep”. 

She has also threatened me with a knife before, thrown sharp objects that hit my eye and face, and cut my skin with her nails. She hits me all the time in face and groin. I have been bruised all over. I never know when to expect it because she acts normal until she does it. I never fight back or resist because I’m scared she will use it against me. When I try to record with video she stops and pretends like she is hurt. 

What do I do? We have a kid together and it’s only escalating. I called her parents a couple years ago after the knife incident and they told me to be more careful not to make her angry. Everytime she hurts me it’s always my fault for making her angry. After hurting me she tends to be very loving and affectionate. It hurts my brain. 

I tried telling my own mom and grandma, they want me to put up with it for the kid. 

No one cares what’s happening to me and I feel so alone.    I don’t feel safe.

Reduce suffering: This individual is suffering due to physical and emotional abuse from their partner. The cause of the abuse is likely a combination of factors including partner's mental health issues, substance abuse, and anger management problems. The best solution for this user would be to seek safety by leaving the relationship and/or contacting a domestic violence shelter. They could also consider speaking with a counselor or therapist to help them deal with the psychological trauma of the abuse.

Increase prosperity: The user appears to be in a very dangerous and abusive relationship. It is important to remove oneself from the situation for safety reasons. The user should seek counseling or therapy to help address the issues that led to them being in this situation. There are also hotline numbers available which the user can call for support.

Increase understanding: There are a variety of solutions for domestic violence. Some people may need to temporarily leave their home and find a safe place to stay, such as a domestic violence shelter. There are also many domestic violence helplines available that can provide you with crisis counseling, emergency shelter, and other support. If you are in an abusive relationship, it is important to create a safety plan and have an exit strategy. This might include having a relative or friend you can go to if things get bad, having money saved up, and having any important documents or belongings ready to take with you. If your partner is threatening you, it is important to seek help immediately. Talk to someone you trust about what is happening and ask for help in creating a safety plan. You can also call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 for support.Some solutions for domestic violence include leaving your home and finding a safe place to stay, Crisis counseling, emergency shelter, and other support from domestic violence helplines. If you are in an abusive relationship it is important to have an exit strategy planned out which might include having a relative or friend you can go to if things get bad, having money saved up, and having any important documents or belongings ready to take with you. If your partner is threatening you, it is important to seek help immediately by talking to someone you trust about the situation and asking for help in creating a safety plan. You can also call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 for support.