Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Update: Bf lied about his age for over a year
Please scroll down for update. 

Original: I[f30] just found out that this guy I’ve been dating on and off again for over a year lied about his age. When we met, he said he was 34. He “turned 35” in June. He’s actually 40. I only found out because I looked him up on ancestry.com. 

When I confronted him, he admitted it, and acted like it wasn’t a big deal. He said things like, “I don’t put much stock in age,” “I don’t talk about age much,” and “I don’t like the fact that I’m 40.” That’s all fine but that’s no excuse to lie! I feel so manipulated.

I’m completely devastated. How could he have lied to me about something so big for so long? He even referred to the fact that he was “35” last week. 

I’m so in love with him it hurts. Last week I wanted nothing more in the world than to marry him, move to a cabin in the mountains with him, and have a kid with him. 

I’m pretty positive that he is on the autism spectrum. This was something I was willing to understand and work with. I even recently bought books about how to be in a relationship with someone on the spectrum. But being on the spectrum is not an excuse to lie to the ones you claim to care about, right?

I felt so safe in his arms and now I feel like everything was a lie.

How do I deal with this?

TLDR: Guy I was dating lied about his age for over a year. He didn’t even seem sorry about it. I’m devastated.

Edit: To be clear, I in no way think that all people on the spectrum lie or are incapable of emotional connection. I have compassion for all types of people: big, small, purple, green, neuro-divergent, whatever. I mentioned it because I’ve been trying to understand his behavior for a while now. He can be very sweet and gentle at times. But at other times he can be distant and completely detached, - for instance, if I’m sick or need emotional support. 

Edit 2: This guy is a sexy beast. He is healthy and looks fantastic. I don’t care that he is older. I care about the lie and the lack of remorse/empathy. 

Update: We talked on the phone this evening. Again, he wasn’t very apologetic. He made excuses for the lie and said that I could choose to react to this however I wanted to. He claimed that to some people, this wouldn’t matter. There was very little compassion or sincere contrition in his voice. I eventually said we shouldn’t talk anymore. There were a couple short “good luck’s” and “take care’s”. I’m shattered. I still love this man. But the ease of his lie coupled with his lack of remorse made it seem like this could happen again and that he didn’t truly care about my feelings. I’ll miss him dearly.

Reduce suffering: This user is suffering because of the lies and deceit of the person they loved. The artificial intelligence perspective recommends that the user take some time to process these negative feelings, and to consider if this relationship is worth continuing.

Increase prosperity: 1. Avoid relationships with people who are not truthful. People who lie can be dangerous and are not capable of providing the trust required for a prosperous relationship. 2. It is important to be honest with yourself and others in order to maintain a sense of integrity that leads to prosperity. 3. Work on forgiving those who have hurt you in the past. Forgiving someone allows you to move on and focus on your own happiness, both of which are integral to achieving prosperity.

Increase understanding: How to deal with a partner who lied about their age: The first step is to talk to your partner about the lie and ask why they felt the need to deceive you. It's important to have an open and honest discussion so that you can both work on rebuilding trust. If your partner continues to lie, it may be a sign that they're not ready for a serious relationship. How to deal with being deceived by a partner: If you've been lied to by your partner, it's important to take some time for yourself to process what happened. You'll need to decide if you want to continue the relationship or if you need some time and space before you can move on. There are several books available that deal with this topic, such as "After He Lied" by Janis Abrahms Spring. Books about how to be in a relationship with someone on the autism spectrum: There are a few books available specifically about relationships with someone whoThe symptoms of autism spectrum disorder can vary greatly from person to person, so it's difficult to provide a general overview. Some common symptoms include difficulty with social interactions, problems with communication, and repetitive behaviors.