Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

Huge appreciation post to my LGBTQ+ positive therapist
I (25F) see a therapist (34F) who specializes in eating disorders for my own. I've been seeing her nearly every week for 1.5 years. Today as we were ending I was just spouting off some random shit, mentioned how I wasn't born with a thick skin but I had to grow one because I'm Jewish and lesbian (both of which she knows) and anti semitism and homophobia are pandemics in this world right now. She told me she nobody chooses who they are attracted to or how they identify and it's a shame that other people can't see that. She always has a strong reaction whenever we start discussing conversion therapy (for one reason or another) and I'm so grateful. Generally everybody in my life who knows about my sexuality is accepting, but I went on a very long journey of self hatred and eventually acceptance of my sexuality years ago. I didn't really think much of how lucky I am to have somebody so supportive of me until just a bit ago and I'm trying to not cry just thinking about how grateful I am to have her. Not just because of that but she's helped me so much with my eating disorder. She told me today that she will be there for me whenever I choose to confront some people she has been coaching me on how to deal with their negativity whenever I am ready. I don't know. I'm just so grateful to have her. Like I read things on here about how people's therapists have abandoned them or they fall out or get too attached. I have such big issues with change and abandonment. I know I won't have her FOREVER, but I'm certainly grateful to have her in this moment and for however long after I do. Even just typing this out makes me realize I really need to get my shit together in terms of my eating disorder and I want to be more open with her about other things I am struggling with as well. She encourages texting/calling outside of session so I think I'm going to tell her how much I appreciate her. I don't have any kind of maternal/erotic/whatever transference towards her. I do not idolize her, nor am I "obsessed" with her. She is just my therapist, we have good boundaries, and a very good relationship. And I'm forever grateful.

Don't ever be afraid to tell your therapist that.

Reduce suffering: The user experiences suffering due to their lesbianism and Judaism. They have a supportive therapist who helps them with their eating disorder. The user recommends telling your therapist how grateful you are.

Increase prosperity: There are many things that can be done to increase prosperity. Some basic steps include developing positive relationships with supportive people, achieving personal goals, and feeling happy and content with one's life. Secondly, it is important to think positively and have gratitude for what one has. Finally, it is essential to take care of oneself both physically and emotionally.

Increase understanding: 1. How to show therapist appreciation: There are many ways to show your therapist appreciation for all their hard work. Simple things like a handwritten thank you note, flowers, or a small gift can go a long way. Some therapists also appreciate getting feedback about their sessions, so if you feel comfortable doing so, let them know how their work is affecting you. A word of appreciation can also mean a lot, especially if it's expressed in a time of need. Thank your therapist for being there for you when you're feeling down, and let them know how much you appreciate their support.2. Ways to show therapist gratitude: Some specific ways to show your therapist gratitude include writing a positive review online, sending a thank you card, or bringing them a small gift. You could also make a donation in their name to a charity or organization that they support. If you feel comfortable doing so, you can also give your therapist feedback about their sessions, letting them know how they're helping you. Lastly, you can simply express your gratitude to them verbally, telling them how much you appreciate all their help. Can you be more specific? 3. How to say thank you to a therapist: The best way to say thank you to a therapist may vary depending on the individual therapist's preferences. However, some general suggestions include sending a handwritten note, bringing them flowers or a small gift, or writing a positive review online about their services. You could also make a donation in their name to charity or an organization they support. If you have received guidance or support from