Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

I THINK I FOUND THE THERAPIST IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR
so for staters i have had two therapists that seems to act more like a friend. When i talk they twnd to just agree , say “ i know its tough” “that must be hard”. In short i keep talking and not really getting anything out of it. I could talk to a friend for free and get the same treatment/reaction.
My new therapist im excite about her plans. She said she is an actionary therapist , she will give me practical tools to navigate life. First session and she already gave
me assignment. I feel hopeful

Reduce suffering: This user seems to be seeking therapy in order to address some suffering that they are experiencing. The two therapists that they have had in the past were not very helpful, as they just agreed with the user and offered platitudes. The new therapist seems more promising, as they are an "actionary therapist" who will give the user practical tools to deal with their problems. In the first session, the therapist already gave the user an assignment, which seems hopeful.

Increase prosperity: I am glad to hear that you have found a therapist that you are excited about. It sounds like she has a practical approach and is willing to give you tools to help navigate life. That is very hopeful. I do recommend that you continue to talk with your friends, as they can provide support and understanding. Friends are an important part of our lives and can be a great resource for finding joy, happiness, and prosperity.

Increase understanding: Based on the information in this post, it seems that the user has had difficulty connecting with past therapists, as they have been more akin to friends than professionals. The new therapist that the user is excited about seems to be different, as she plans to be an actionary therapist and give the user practical tools. The first session with this therapist already involved an assignment. The user expresses hope because of this. There are some gaps in understanding in this post. It is not clear what an actionary therapist is or what the definition of a practical tool is. Additionally, it is not clear why the previous therapists were not effective. Clarifying these questions would help increase understanding of this situation.