Process the Core Objective Functions (reduce suffering, increase prosperity, increase understanding) on the following scenario:

My therapist is not a fit for me. I am going to start looking for another one soon. I think she is a nice lady and means well.Dont know how to tell her I am going to be moving on.
I have never felt I could be myself totally, or felt that I was in a safe space with her. 

It's just not a fit for many reasons. I dont know how to tell her I want to find someone else who is a better fit.

I dont want to hurt her feelings, or end things where one or both of us feels uncomfortable.

What is the kindest way to do this? 

Appreciate any advice.

Reduce suffering: This user is suffering from a lack of fit with their therapist. They may feel unsafe sharing their true thoughts and feelings, or they may not feel that they are able to be themselves around this therapist. It's important to find a therapist who you feel safe and comfortable sharing with, in order to get the most out of therapy. The user may want to consider gently telling their therapist that they are looking for someone else who is a better fit. Thanking their therapist for their time and effort is also important.

Increase prosperity: It sounds as if you have a good understanding of why the therapist-patient relationship is not working for you and that you want to act with kindness and consideration towards both yourself and your therapist. If you are feeling unsafe or uncomfortable in the therapy session, I would recommend finding a therapist who makes you feel more safe and comfortable. There are many options available to you, and so don't feel obliged to stay with your current therapist if she is not a good fit for you. A therapist who understands your goals and wants to help you meet them is key - so do your research, ask around, and find someone who feels right for you.

Increase understanding: It sounds like you have been finding that your therapist is not a good fit for you. You say that you are going to start looking for another one soon and that you think she is a nice lady and means well. However, you don't feel like you can be yourself around her or feel safe in the space. This may be for many reasons, but it doesn't sound like it would be a good fit for you. You ask how to tell her in the kindest way possible that you will be moving on. It's important to do what is best for you and what will make you most comfortable. You don't want to hurt her feelings, but it is also important that both of you feel comfortable with the ending of the relationship. There is no right answer, but it's important to remember that this is about what is best for you. Thank you for asking!