I can't sit in my mom's house anymore because she urinates everywhere and the stench is traumatizing.
Hi, 
I know there is no solution but I am thankful that I can speak about this somewhere. Her drinking has come to the point that we can no longer visit. She does not seem to care if we come around. I have tried to get her help many times but she does not cooperate. I live 4 hours away from her and I'm working through a lifetime of painful memories. She is 71 and has a 91-year-old boyfriend who  supplies her with her booze and seems to have taken over her mind. He is the only thing she talks about. The dude's a selfish prick. I've tried to talk to her about her relationship but she doesn't like my advice.

 Recently she sent me a Facebook message and told me not to come for Christmas. Her reasoning is that I have too much stress and visiting costs money.  We were going to rent an airbnb and host Christmas for everybody. This would have been the last year that all the grandkids were together as some are moving away and starting their adult lives. This would have been the first time that she meets my two adult  step children as well.

I  feel relief (and tremendous guilt) that I don't have to do Christmas down where she lives because I go through a roller coaster of painful emotions when I see her. 

I know she is living in her own filth. I find the concept of that so upsetting. Totally acknowledging here that I struggle with codependency and took on the role of fixer when my dad passed away 20 years ago. Not at all how she was raised. I feel that she should be in an assisted living facility. She refuses. When I have had her assessed after well-being checks and police involvement, she still has the wherewithal to put on one of her chameleon personalities and present a picture that all is well. The healthcare professionals are so overburdened that they just take her word for it and send her off on her way. She has parentified me but does whatever the hell she wants the minute I turn my back. 

She told me in July 2020 that when her boyfriend dies she will "off herself".  A few days after that confession I had her sent by ambulance to the hospital with the help of a police officer. She was only at the hospital for about 3 hours and they sent her back home.

I'm thinking of just going no contact. Even just for a while. My brain needs a vacation from her drama. 

Anyway, thanks for letting me vent. Alcoholism really is the slowest form of suicide. I just want to walk away and be notified once she has passed on. Horrible confession, I know. This sucks.