A Great Way To Forgive Others and Yourself
I just watched a couple of r/gabormate  videos. One about trauma really revealed something that I never was quite able to explain. It was called simply Trauma, and it reminded me so much of childhood experiences so painful that led to my alcoholism and addiction. I had no one who gave a shit to turn to except a great doctor who dedicated his life to helping those with substance addictions. Dr Mate drills down deeper, to addictions like money, shopping, food, etc.. Watching it I felt that the vast majority of people are damaged in early childhood, but most of us don't recognize it as the cause of our problems, so we seek to treat symptoms. Sometimes I wonder if that's the best we can do, detox or jail the drug addicts over and over, 12 step programs that were very helpful to me and others, counseling or deep psychoanalysis for those who can afford it. Sometimes I wonder if they're all Band Aids on wounds so deep, all the way to our heart.

His presentations help me to understand how widespread childhood trauma is and give me a glimpse as to why we have so many problems as individuals and as a collective society. While I might appear to be a functional well adjusted adult now after being in recovery from addiction for decades, I still feel like an outsider, an overachiever at work because I craved the approval. And feel like a failure as a parent who swore before my first child was born that I would break the pattern that went back generations in my family, but I didn't really understand my own kids. I told them the things they should do and what to stay away from, but was so involved in trying to atone for my past by succeeding at work, that I hadn't created a bond strong enough with them that they wanted to listen to my warnings.

When my oldest son jumped head first into alcohol and quickly graduated to hard drugs I kept trying to get through to him, to get him off the path he was on. I'll never forget the day we were talking, me attempting to have a real heart to heart talk with him. I asked him "Why he was not only using but other dangerous behaviors" that fortunately he survived. He looked me straight in the eyes with the look of a lost puppy and with total sincerity he said "I don't know". It broke my heart because I knew he had a turbulent early life and was abused by the one person most of us need to nurture us, our mother. But i had my own shortcomings too.

He's doing better now, but goes from one thing to another. It seems to me like he's still trying to find happiness. Sometimes it seems he has found his path, but before long he decides to take a different one. I don't know. But I learn so much from Dr Mate on YouTube, so I share it here, hoping that some of my fellow ACA's might check out his videos and find some healing for you and struggling loved ones. I truly hope you find peace from his teachings or on whatever path you choose.