Will be completing a full month of work
Got my 2nd pay but 1st official pay the past friday. Ahh it was nice. And i paid $300(half my pay) to my bf as rent and other expenses. So i felt a major achievement there. Its one month down of 3 for my probationary period.

My fear and anxiety is still on high and now for different reasons. I'm just so happy and lucky it is only a 6hr shift. But its so physically and mentally demanding that I feel like its a 12hr shift. I'm just not picking up speed as I like. Or even skills.

I feel like though the duties are so crazy that i could only have that in mind. But my chest and after the shift or even any moment of break to be able to recollect myself. All i want to be is home and out of there. It took all my energy, body, and puts my brain on overtime that now its getting to me emotionally. I'm told by my bf that I bring work home. But i really don't know how not to as its a job that demands time management on list of duties and prepping. There really is no time for anything and I'm running and speeding through it all that I get injured. Its an easy job that is pretty common sense based and a normal life skills involved job but uh.. I don't have these ones lol and I'm one of those.. if you look at me, my social anxiety says stop and allows only 1 brain cell to work. I forget to use my body and drool lol which happens great whenever boss comes to visit.


To be honest. I see all the great things from this. The achievement. Work being 5mins from home especially makes it ideal job and a must get/keep. But i feel like I'm over my head too. But also nothing else I'm good at....

I'm just been feeling the physical and emotional exhaustion. Mentally.. I'm confused.
I don't know if its normal. If its just a "i hate and feel anxiety with this job but imma do it. I can. I'm just adjusting" or a "i adjusted and am still working my way. I don't understand this job. Im lacking still despite working my 100%. But this is messing me up. This job makes me wanna toodleloo. Beep this job. Beeepppp!!"
I just don't know how not to be a perfectionist or not be hard on myself. I'm scared if this is messing with my agoraphobia more. Like I'm going to revert fully real soon. Or if it is just creating painful anxiety/panic within me these days. I'm scared that I'm creating another trauma.


Its just so stressful. Money and time. Its just too much. The work is simple and deals pretty much with 5% peopling but all me n 1 coworker or her and my boss. Its 5mins from home. I am at a loss. I just have no one to really talk to about this because my bf and my only friend are practically/systematic ppl. They don't think emotionally much. They're a go go go kind of people. And as one of them said "we all have things we hate but have to do". Its true but ouch.