Random tired vent.
I just don't understand.  I'm friends with a few people who are parents to child(ren) that are within the same age range as my daughter, yet I feel so isolated.  It could be because of my agoraphobia and not leaving, or also their chaotic, dramatic lives, (no judgement), or maybe because literally I swear everyone just likes to mock me. I've found a few friends that are true keepers, although they don't have children, we still have a lot in common, unfortunately they don't live in my state. 

I just don't understand. Maybe I'm sensitive. Maybe I'm crazy. I want a community.  I do direct sales and my company has a great community,  but I'm just so embarrassed about my shit life that I don't talk about it.  But the "friends" make themselves look so great and make me feel like they'll change, yet everyone of them just mocks everything.  No one seems to give a shit that I'm in school FULL TIME and a stay at home mom. I don't want praise, I want these people to know my priorities differ from theirs. I'm very serious about school. I'm torn apart that I can't get on the presidents list -- even if I magically aced my math final, I still won't have a high enough grade. (I have an 85, so it's not terrible.) 

Planning my trip to the store is SO big to me and I have no friends to share it with. I have my boyfriend always, but no friends. Like why don't people fucking care? I'm sorry but I just am in my feels tonight. I'm sleep deprived, stressed and lonely. Why are we -- we as in people struggling so hard with anxiety disorders and are NICE ass people -- looked down on so much and judged? I feel like I have no safe place outside of my relationship because girls are just so nasty to me. Even my new friends dont know the full extent of my anxiety.  I'm embarrassed.  

My main goals are: Raise my baby girl, work on MY mental health, keep riding the waves in college, work on my business. 

I need to weed my garden and plant new roots, I guess.  I seemed to have stockholmed myself "friendships"