Some progress in my life
In the past I thought I would never be excited for a job or have motivation. I thought I would end up giving up on life because I believed there was no way out. Recently though I have a lot more. It took years to get to this point but it was worth the wait. I’m excited for when we move in a month so I can finally start interviews and hopefully land a good starting job. I’m 20 and ready for some money of my own especially to save and for freedom. Gotta get a car too and drivers license. Also I’ve been doing my GED all I have left is math the hardest one to study. Im confident with all the others ones but not math yet. I’m a highschool dropout. The reason for it is my mental issues, trauma that some guy gave me, and narcissistic parents. Not going into much details but My brother and father played a huge part in verbally and mentally abusing me also during that time. Those years were the worst years of my life glad it’s over you know. So anyway I Might try to work at JCP they pay 10-12 dollars I believe. Folding clothes doesn’t sound too bad but they might have other positions like stocking or something. I’ll do some research soon on jobs. I still have to think about which job I really want the most. JCP sounds good but I’m worried that I will end up meeting rude customers but that will be expected with every job. I just gotta be strong when that happens. While I still have to develop my social skills getting a job will start that progress even more. I have aspergers so learning social skills is my biggest challenge but I want that to learn. I try to be more friendly and talkative to people in Public like waiters at restaurants. Because of my aspergers I realize that I don’t show my emotions very well. I can come off as unhappy to others because I have a hard time smiling. I want others to think I’m not rude because I don’t smile you know. It’s because of my social anxiety too and I have a hard time with eye contact. So I’m learning to smile at people more than before. Smiling is good for you I need to do more of it anyway. Smiling will prepare me for making friends at work. Also trying to have a decent amount of eye contact. My agoraphobia isn’t as bad as it was. It’s still there but progress takes time. I have been working out more and trying to be more active even if I don’t leave the house. I also wanna start bike riding again. I started awhile back but stopped so I wanna get back on track. :) All the house showings kinda got in the way of that progress but now the showing are over woohoo. Those showings have been going on for more than a month multiple times a day. Once there was four showings in one day or three showings. Even though I still had some time I did end up make some excuses which I shouldn’t have. I guess the showings just made me a bit depressed because I wasn’t drawing art, stop working out, and stopped bike riding. That’s ok though because now I’m starting it today!