AITA for not giving my SIL money to come to my FIL's funeral?
So... my father in law passed away on black Friday. It wasn't a huge surprise, as he's been declining with dementia for a couple of years and took a steep decline about a month ago.

My wife and her sister have a.... strained relationship.

My wife had a strained relationship with her father because he always picked my sister in law over my wife. He has always supported her, and given her everything he could to give and ignored my wife till we had a son, and my sister in law has always taken more. But the real issue is the dishonestly, for example about 5 years ago, my wife and I were moving and had the opportunity to buy a house with a mother in law suite, which would have been a big stretch for us, but we could swing it if he was willing to come down live in it and pay us the rent he was paying (about $700/month), but his costs would be reduced because we would cover utilities and food for him. at the time he lived 12 hours away from us, so it would mean being close to us, and closer to his other grand kids. He told us he was not interested, and wouldn't discuss it with us. Come to find out, he was letting my sister in law live with him, she was still smoking meth, and he knew we wouldn't let her live with us/around our kids.

Then about 4 years ago, he had a pretty serious health issue, which started his decline. During this time, my Sister in law stole everything from him, to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Trips to disney/vegas, and cash withdrawals. We were NOT told of his declining health, and when my wife tried to talk to her father, he would cut her off, and was rude to her, and so my wife backed off, knowing her sister was there, and he was trying to hide it from us (she could hear her sister talk in the background).

We were then called about a year and a half ago, by his landlord telling us he had 30 days, or he was getting kicked out. We went up there, and he was half gone mentally, and his house was a hoarding mess with my sister in law long gone, Once the money was gone, so was she.

We spent our own money to move him down here, and get him set up in a group home that specialized in memory care and could look after him 24/7. but it didn't matter damage done. and he was not a happy man the last year of his life despite our every efforts.

once we realized his time was short, about a month and a half ago, we tried calling my SIL, but she changed her number, so we emailed, messaged on facebook, called her husband's number etc., and finally got a hold of her AFTER he passed. She was pissed and blamed my wife, and started asking what her share of the inheritance is. There is none, my wife and I are coming out of pocket to pay for the burial.

She asked my wife for money to come down, to stay in our home, and borrow our car. My wife looked at me and I sad "no" and hung up the phone.

Character limit be damned, if you need more info I'll answer it below.

Edit to add: I don't think I'm an AH here, but my wife thinks I'm being far too harsh on her sister, since I also said she should take this as an opportunity to cut her off entirely.