AITA for telling the truth to my mom when she asked?
For background: My mother (35F) has 6 kids in total, they’re all my half-siblings. (17F), Me (15F), (11M), (8F), and (3F), (3F). My mother by all means is not rich and unfortunately she’s low-income. My dad on the other hand is pretty wealthy and he’s also fairly old, I don’t feel comfortable disclosing his age either. (Both share custody with me.)

My mom usually throws baby-sitting my younger siblings on me often, which I’ve expressed I do not like as I have extracurricular activities, sometimes have mounts of homework, and I have a “job”= I baby-sit, dog-walk, and I tutor.  I’ve asked multiple times why my sister cannot baby-sit our younger siblings and my moms reasoning was that she has a condition of which could get very severe under stress and she doesn’t need that. Until then she’s been telling me to suck it up and help her out for once. 

Well recently, my mom was in the living room sitting on the couch and I joined her, wondering what she was doing. She also looked stressed and I eventually asked was something wrong. She looked up at me and told me that she was getting drowned in bills, utilities and trying to buy treatment for my sisters condition.

She even broke down and started crying, asking me what should she do. I told her that she should maybe stop having so many kids, which is when she glared at me, wiped her tears and walked away. After that she’s been giving me the cold shoulder, hasn’t been really talking to me much, and doesn’t try to even look me in the eye, also when-ever I come in the room she immediately leaves out.

I, of-course feel guilty about what I’ve said and need to know if I’m the AH and to go sincerely apologize before I leave to go to my papas as my week with my mother is about to be over. I’m also thinking about asking to stay over my papas house for a-little bit longer to give her some space. 

AITA?

ETA; my dad and my mom are not married, they broke up when I was 1 years old.