AITA for not wanting my best friend to work with me?
Throwaway

I (20F) own my own braiding studio. I opened a year ago after I saved up enough to start renting a building. Hair has been something I’ve done forever, but only for fun. When I was 16-17 and graduating high school, my goal was to become a veterinarian, but my financial situation was very bad as my mom was sick. Me and my mom lived off her disability and I never had time to work while in school. 

I decided to start charging for my braiding services to put myself through higher schooling. It turns out to be a huge hit! In less than 7 months I had enough to afford a full year of school! But vet work is not for me. 

My very first day, I said I CAN’T do this for the foreseeable future. Obv I was heartbroken, I had worked so hard only to end up hating what I dreamed of. I was depressed, but my mom was there for me and mentioned that I can just start braiding full time since it makes enough for us to both live better than before. I had already grown a deep love for it, so I took her words to heart and sure enough, that’s what I did. Now onto the issue at hand. 

My best friend “Bianca” (18F) has an issue similar to the one I was in. She’s college age, but can’t afford it and most scholarships are not an option because of her grades. She graduated high school this year, and is trying anything she can to start making money for colleges. 

So, she came to me in August asking for an internship as a braider in my studio. “I really didn’t wanna ask because I never want you to think I’m using you, but I really need this.” Ofc I said yes!! Working with my best friend? Who would say no? I said yes because an internship won’t hurt, it’s just a test run. But, Bianca can’t braid. 

I can’t explain- she just can’t do it. I’ve tried everything; YouTube, mannequin heads, her own head, MY head, volunteers, classes, etc. Nothing has worked. 

She doesn’t see an issue. She genuinely believes she’s making good progress and I’ll have her on the floor with clients soon. In September I had her take clients for a day. I had NEVER received a single bad review until then! After spending a full day losing money and fixing hair, I told her she needed more time. 

She’s now asking when I will officially hire her. I just haven’t had the heart to tell her why I won’t hire her as a braider. I just think I’d feel too guilty. I’m seriously thinking of sitting her down this week and explaining that I can’t take her on, but we can try helping clients book appointments etc. but I’m not sure how that will work out either. I don’t wanna let her down since I know she needs this, but that shouldn’t override my judgment as a business owner. Not to mention I know the news will make her upset. 

My mom says she’s disappointed in me and that I should be more understanding and try to teach her again. But my boyfriend says that she’s indirectly taking money out of my pocket and my time is being wasted and she needs to go.

So, AITA for wanting to tell Bianca I won’t hire her as a braider?