AITA for refusing to kick our cat out during winter even if I had previously agreed to?
This needs context: one of our cats scratches on doors and pushes things to the floor when he wants food, therefore he is really annoying while trying to sleep or at nighttime. My wife hates this cat, but I do not want to give him away because I do not think anyone is going to be as patient with him as me and do not want him get hurt or abandoned. Mind you he is a black cat and some people do horrible things to black cats.

Maybe this gives the impression that he is a terrible cat, but he is not. From my perspective he is lovable with both, me and my wife, and plays all the time with our youngest cat. Unfortunately, he has been an arguing point for a good while. In order to solve this we had previously agreed that every night I would take the cat to a separate outside room (with little insulation) so that he did not bother us. I agreed and even built a DIY small shelter for him for the winter (which I have noticed he does not use).

Jump to now, it is winter and temperatures are between 50's and 30s F (10-0 C) but I know they will keep dropping and the cat has been behaving really well! Has not been annoying and I have let him stay inside unless he is disruptive, in which case I will chase him and he will eventually calm down. My wife just noticed it and got incredibly mad about it. I tried to convince her but she refuses to talk. I would like to mote that this is not the first time I have not taken him out and, like I said, we have been arguing about it for a while.

I am aware I am not doing what we had agreed and I understand she feels ignored, but also feel guilty of letting my cat to go through a cold night when he is not doing anything wrong. Am I a terrible partner for this? 

TL;DR: My wife and I agreed to put an annoying cat into a badly insulated separate room in order to sleep, I have not done it consistently, especially not now that is winter and the cat has behaved really well. And now my wife refuses to talk to me after repeatedly doing it.