AITA for confronting my friend and ruining our kids’ friendship?
Ok I’ll try to keep this short. So I had this BFF (40sF) that is man-hungry. She picks these men who are all sorts of wrong, is a serial wife, and legit flip flops from one ex back to the other, and plays them against each other. She constantly comes for advice and I’ve gotten to the point of telling her that I think she’s making a mistake but I’ll support her no matter what. I always felt she’s a good person and means well but kinda screwed up in a few things, NBD.

She has 2 kids my kid’s age and they were super close. We were like a little fam - we were always together. 

She randomly last min asked me over summer to watch one of her kids for a week due to some work conference. I was in the middle of a house renovation &amp; sharing a room with my kid. I wanted to help but it was impossible. I felt awful &amp; I told her no. But then I tried to help by seeing if the conference she was going to had a zoom option - which is when I found out there was no conference at all. She was very specific with immense detail that then proved easy to double check. Her ex lived in a neighboring state. I never told her that I knew, but then she kept giving me details of her trip that proved that she was in fact, going to his state and not where she said. She texted at the airports, she texted me about events ‘in real time’ and none of it was true.  I was super disappointed that she lied, and tried to manipulate me with a ‘working single mom’ angle instead of just being honest. But in the end I decided to never let her know that I knew. She kept lying about the trip after the fact, too. Which pissed me off, but I tried to ‘big picture’ it that our kids were besties, and she was probs embarrassed, so just let it go.

Flash forward a few weeks to her wanting to get her kids some passes for something that we had passes for. But my passes were restricted, so I had one last day to upgrade them so we could go together. I spoke to her a lot about the cost, made sure she was buying them, then upgraded to the tune of $300. She then bought hers.

Every time I I tried to make plans, there was some lame excuse. Then she started pulling away, cancelling plans, etc. every time I tried to make plans for these tickets, there would be another excuse. Like, 1 kid’s bday - let’s use our tix! ‘No, they’re grounded’, then she takes an impromptu road trip with them to the zoo and posts it on FB. Gave me some lame excuse that it was last min, whatever. 

Final straw was she cancelled for my kid’s bday party. Said her kids were sick. Then I see them on FB at the beach.

So I finally confronted her and told her I was upset she lied about the party. She then said ‘I’m not a liar.’ To which I then just snapped and unleashed a barrage of ‘like the passes you said you bought? Like the conference that you never went to?’ Etc. 

We never spoke again. And now our kids don’t either. I feel so badly that this mom drama ruined our kids’ friendship.

AITA for confronting her? 

ETA: timeframe was we were friends for years, and the trip lie to my kid’s bday was roughly a month and a half.

Thanks for all the insight and replies! You all have made me feel a lot better! THANK YOU!

ETA 12/3 - thanks again for all the replies. I appreciate the time everyone took. I have tried my best to reply to most, but it’s overwhelming a little bit. If I didn’t rely to you, at least know that I read it and did give an upvote in appreciation. I don’t want to keep bumping this as it’s now clear to me that I shouldn’t feel guilty about how this went down.