AITA for making my gf feel excluded
I'm (19m) and recently I started dating my gf (19f) who I've known for 4 years. We've been dating for 3 months now. 

When we first started dating, I had arranged to go to a strip club with my girl best friend and I forgot to tell my gf about it and she was pissed. She wasn't pissed because I didn't tell her to come but bc I never mentioned it to her and honestly I had simply forgotten.

Sometimes I visit my girl best friend's house and another friend of ours with his gf are also present and we spend lots of time together watching movies, playing video games or board games. My gf was offended that I had never actually invited her and I told her it's because I'm hanging out with my friends. Her argument on that was that my other friend's gf always comes around but she is always excluded. I said that it doesn't matter and idc if my friend brings his gf and I simply choose to spend some alone time with friends despite some of them bringing their partners around and I'm not obligated to do the same.

Now the last thing that happened which caused my gf to start sobbing was that on Saturday my gf had asked if we'd do anything so she'd know whether she'd hang out with me or she could hang out with her cousin. I told her I was busy with some college assignments and I couldn't hang out that day and she ended up hanging out with her cousin. I was actually busy I didn't lie about that though. A couple of hours later my girl best friend calls me and tells me that she and the rest of our friend group would go to a club after midnight. I told them that if I'm finished with the assignments I'd go with them. I was actually finished earlier with the assignments and got ready and went with my friends.

While I was at the club my gf called me and asked me if I could give her a ride home bc they had closed down the public transport and she wanted to avoid paying for an uber. I told her I'm out at the club and I can't. She said a dry "ok" and hang up on me.

I went outside and called her again and asked her what's this all about. She said we'll talk about it another time and to have fun.

So yesterday we met and talked about it and she started crying saying how she feels excluded and that our relationship feels one sided because I always have time for my friends but for her I make excuses and the fact that I barely invite her around my friend group. She also says how she finds my closeness with my girl bsf suspicious because she's the only single one out of the group and I always keep her company while the rest of our friends hang out with their partners normally.

I apologised since I never intended for her to feel that way. I know it was wrong of me to exclude her like that but I honestly wasn't aware she'd be bothered or that I was doing something hurtful to her until she broke down. AITA for making this honest mistake?