AITA for calling my girlfriend crazy?
Okay so I know this sounds bad but I feel like this was blown out of proportion, so I’m gonna give every possible detail.

I am a 20m my gf is a 20f we are both typing this and reviewing it before we post it. 

So for context we got into an argument a couple days ago because I told her she was being crazy and she told me that that hurt her feelings and she made me promise not to do it again. She also mentioned she was feeling like I was gaslighting her and I admitted I was wrong and I apologized and stopped doing it.

Fast forward to yesterday night. I admit I drank one or two glasses of wine more than I should have, and I ended up passing out on the couch while we were watching a movie. My gf woke me up and we both went to sleep together.

A couple hours go by and she wakes me up asking me to wear a shirt (I sleep naked) because the wine was making me sweat and she couldn’t sleep. This is the part I don’t remember cause I was partially sleeping, she told me what happened. After she asked this, I supposedly said that I was going to but fell asleep instead. She proceeded to wake me up again asking me to please put a shirt on and after a few other times I woke up and called her crazy for waking me up and to stfu.

Back to the part I remember, after this I remember her being extremely pissed and asking me to go sleep downstairs cause she didn’t want to sleep with me. I again called her crazy and asked her what was wrong with her.
I told her I was gonna leave the house if she didn’t want me to sleep with her and she told me I couldn’t drive anywhere because I was still drunk.
I admit that this was wrong but I told her that she has to stop getting pissed at me calling her crazy and stop making a big deal out of everything when I’m fucking sleeping. (No negative connotation)
She also says I yelled at her very close to her face and she got scared because she had a rough past with men. I do remember her crying but I just think she was being a drama queen.

I feel like every single argument starts when I’m sleeping.
Also I feel like everyone’s gonna say that I’m the asshole and I know I was partially wrong but damn she blew it out of proportion.

I’m not even mad anymore but she says that she doesn’t know if she wants to keep dating cause she feels disrespected and I think that’s just insane to end a relationship over the littlest thing.

So, AITA for calling my girlfriend crazy?

TLDR: I called my gf crazy after promising her not to do it but I feel like she’s blowing this out of proportion.