AITA for not allowing my neighbours to park on my drive?
I, 32f, have my younger brother, 15m, living with me. My mother had me young, hence the big age gap.

I don’t have a car and the house I bought a couple years ago came with a drive large enough for two cars. I want to learn to drive but I haven’t gotten around to it yet.

My next door neighbours have always been allowed to use my drive because I didn’t need it. It really didn’t bother me because if I had friends over then I’d just ask them to move and they would.

My brother has very weak joints and has to go to hospital every month or so on average. A couple of months ago he tore the one in his knee and had to be on crutches.

We were pulling into our street in the taxi after getting them and one of my neighbours pulled into my drive, blocking our taxi from pulling up to the door. We waited for them to realise my brother had crutches and move but she looked at us and carried on inside, along with her sisters and step father. I had to hobble my brother across wet muddy grass to get to our door.

I was so angry I then told my neighbours that they were no longer allowed to use my drive. They protested, saying they had 3 cars and a van and had nowhere to park. I sympathised but still said no. My own brother couldn’t use his drive when he couldn’t even walk thanks to their nastiness.

In the past three months, three of the residents children have had babies and have started parking on my drive again. I know why. Because they’d have to walk two blocks otherwise with baby carriers. I recently put up a sign on my gates saying ‘no parking on drive.’

One of these girls confronted me, telling me that I don’t even need the drive and that it’s heartless to do that to a new mother. Her sister backed her up. I replied that it was also heartless to make my brother walk across dangerous grass when he was on crutches and in agony. 

I was neighbourly until they caused me not to be. I know I am being petty and vindictive in my reasoning but I feel i am justified as I did them a courtesy for years by letting them use my drive only for them to treat my brother so cruelly.

AITA? 

I also want to point out that the mother is a very nice woman, and her son (the other new parent) is lovely too. I honestly wouldn’t mind or even mention it if they needed to use the drive. Just the others.