AITA for not inviting my future MIL to the engagement party?
I (24M) am going to propose to my gf (24F) soon. I bought the ring and basically took it on a tour to show all of her friends and get their approval and all of my friends to do the same. I then asked her dad for his blessing and her mom too. I didn’t feel like asking her mom was all too important but I did anyway because her mom likes to be apart of things. 

I am really excited about this because me and my gf have been together for about 5 years now and we met in college. She has always wanted her immediate family and friends there when she got engaged and I love the idea. So recently I since about June of this year I have been getting her used to having those people around so that when I finally pop the question she wouldn’t be suspicious. 

Here is the problem and why I don’t want to invite her mom. My gf calls me earlier this week and was like babe you’re fake! Me being confused asks what she is talking about and she says “my mom said she has seen the ring and that you are going to propose to me on thanksgiving and everyone will be at her house when you do it so I should dress nicely”. I tell her that her mom is lying and that isn’t the case and she doesn’t believe me. That was my original plan but it got ruined so now thanksgiving comes and goes and nothing happens (surprise is ruined). 

My gf is mad at me because she was really expecting it to happen. I then call her mom and tell her mom that she will no longer be notified when I propose because she clearly cannot keep 1 secret and ruined it. The mom said I was selfish to keep her away from the party and that I had better think twice before doing that. I told her whatever and mind her business and she’ll find out when she finds out. She called me gf and told my gf something completely different and now my gf is angry and talking to me because she thinks I was being the asshole. 

I feel bad.
Am I the asshole?

EDIT: Gf and I spoke and she asked me what happened between her and her mother. I told her straight up what happened. I told her I wanted it to be a surprise and she agreed that she would rather me do it unexpectedly and was shocked that her mom actually told her since she knows how much she likes surprises. She then called her mom and told her off. Her mom apologized to me but still feels like she had the right to say something about it since my gf is her daughter and now it has gotten to the point where the gf does not want mom around for the engagement party because she doesn’t like her sense of entitlement. Her mom is now angry because she feels like I am too stubborn and have brainwashed her daughter and is now not speaking to me. I am now going to propose at our New Year’s Eve party when we watch the ball drop.

EDIT 2: I am in no way a sexist. The reason I said asking MIL wasn’t important was because when my gf and I talked about marriage she always told me that asking her mom for her blessing was irrelevant and that I only needed her dad’s blessing (just to clear that up)