AITA for asking my subordinate to change her chosen WFH day?
Throwaway account for anonymity.

I am a manager at a company that works with paper/physical files, although some of the work can be done purely on the computer. Because of the need to work with paper/physical files, the company policy has been that employees have to come into the office, notwithstanding COVID-19. Of course, the company ensures that employees are properly distanced, wear masks, have access to hand sanitizers etc. Generally no one has any issues, since we all recognise that a large part of the work has to be done in person.

As a manager, I have some leeway in how my reports work. As the pandemic has been dragging on and everyone is exhausted, I thought I would allow my team to WFH for one day a week of their choosing (for that day, they would only be able to do the non-physical file work, and so the rest of the team in the office would have to work a little harder). I sent an email out and people were generally appreciative. Half the team said they didn't need it, and would continue to come in every day. Two employees asked whether it would be OK for them to WFH on Friday. I said that it was fine. The rest of the team chose days from Monday to Thursday, with each day having only one employee WFHing.

A few days later, an employee (let's call her Jenny) messages me on the company IM chat and says she'd like to WFH one day of the week as well. I tell her sure, but that we already had two of her colleagues WFHing on Friday. She asked whether that meant Friday was out for her. I replied that I would prefer if she could choose another day, given the manpower constraints, but that if she absolutely had to choose Friday, I would try to accommodate. She said OK, and that she would think about it.

Friday rolls around, and Jenny is absent from the office. I ask the department secretary whether Jenny is on leave, and she tells me that Jenny is WFH on Fridays. I message Jenny and ask her what's going on, and she tells me she chose Friday as her WFH day and forgot to inform me. I ask her why she needed it on Friday, as it would mean that we are three staff down in the office on Fridays. She said she wanted to enjoy the long weekend. I replied that that wasn't a really good reason, and asked her to choose another day to WFH. She chose Monday, but I detected some unhappiness in her tone.

AITA for asking Jenny to switch her WFH day?

ETA: My email to the team stated that the WFH arrangement (a) was not an entitlement, and that the rest of the company aside from our department was still having to come in every day; (b) would be subject to the exigencies of work and manpower constraints; and (c) would be on a first-come, first-served basis.

ETA (pt 2): Childcare, parental care and religious reasons would have been some of the reasons I would have asked the other two Friday WFHs to consider swapping with Jenny. In no event had I told Jenny I would be unqualifiedly "ok" with her taking Friday. She knew that she had come last, and that there had been others who had already chosen Friday. She also knew that she needed a good reason to choose Friday as well.

Separately, I am an employee like the rest of those who report to me - I do not own the business. Hence the title refers to "my subordinate" rather than "my employee", since while they fall under me in the organisational hierarchy, I do not pay their salary. I suppose I could have said "my supervisees" or "my reports", but those phrases did not strike me at the time. As for "my team member", I needed to make it clear in the title that Jenny is not a peer, but someone who reports to me.