AITA for making my step dad go all the way back home during a road trip cause my step siblings secretly brought their dog with us?
So me, my mom, step dad, step sister and step brother were all going to my stepdad's mom's place for christmas.  We live about 5 hours away from her and have been staying at her place for a week in total and leave tomorrow.  We have a 5yo dog at our house and while I don't mind her, the dog is SUPER hyper and especially on long road trips.  She will run around and bark the whole trip and I get pretty bad motion sickness.  Plus since I have to sit in the back of the car with 2 other people it doesn't help to have a dog bark and run around the whole trip.  My mom got one of her friends to look after the dog for the week while we were gone, but my step siblings weren't happy about it.  They would jokingly say they'd sneak the dog with us on the road trip and kept trying to have me change my mind but I wasn't budging.  I threatened both of them that id tell on them instantly if I saw the dog in the car.  

When we were leaving and got into the car I was surprisingly not really getting motion sick this time, I could even go on my phone without feeling the need to throw up.  About an hour in I felt something lick my leg and I saw the dog hidden underneath some blankets.  (This is where I might be TA) I lost my shit and told my mom that they (step siblings) brought the dog with us.  I caused a huge scene that the dog was in the car and my step dad had to turn the whole car around to take her home.  My step siblings (especially my step sister) was PISSED at this and were saying how I wasn't even sick and how I'm being overdramatic.  I told her I don't give a fuck that that we all agreed the dog would stay home.  When we were driving up to their grandma's the whole car ride was awkward af and neither said a word to me, TBF tho I didn't really wanna talk with them either. 

When we got there things were still tense but they hid it well in front of their family but would be super short whenever id talk with either.  I guess they told one of their cousins and said I was being WAY too dramatic over a dog.  So Im curious now AITA?