WIBTA for pulling out of a group holiday or telling friends to not come?
So, I (25f) and my partner (32m) are 37 weeks pregnant.
Every year we go on holiday with a group of friends (2 other couples and a single man, age range 25-32 years), typically we all rent a big house together.


We were recently planning next years group holiday, and we discussed going to Centre Parcs as it would be fun and child-friendly for our baby (who will be about 11m at the time of the holiday).
Recently, my partner and I discussed with the group that we do not expect any of them to 'babysit' whilst we are away and that our child was our responsibility - not theirs. We understand if they all want to drink, ect and we have no issues with their actions as long as they understand we may need to step away to deal with our baby.
All parties were very happy with this and are really excited for our first holiday with the first baby in our group.


However, a week later, one of the couples (we'll call them J&amp;J) said that they no longer feel comfortable having our baby stay in the shared villa with us. We asked why and they said that they'd end up being babysitters on a holiday and that they don't want to share a villa with a baby who cries all the time.
We said we understand not wanting to share with a baby, and no hard feelings.
Our friend who is single suggested we split into two villas, and he'll happily share with us! We were thrilled with the solution and went to move ahead.
J&amp;J then said it's not fair for him to have to share either and they'd like us to consider two options: 1- we leave baby at home or 2- we have a single villa and they share one big house.


We said we would not leave our baby, but we would consider the idea of a single villa nearby.  Single friend then said we can still all meet at the main house to eat meals together and hang out, and then we'll go back to our villa to sleep.  J&amp;J then stated that the house would be a baby-free-zone and we could meet in the public areas.


The whole situation was very awkward, so we made and excuse and left, saying we'd discuss further another time.
Since, the other couple and single friend have approached us and said they have no issues with us or baby and don't feel comfortable with us being that excluded as J&amp;J have requested.
We have also looked at prices and with me being on maternity pay, having a single villa is not an option for us financially.

So, we plan to discuss with J&amp;J about alternative options and finding compromise for all parties but WIBTA if I said we weren't willing to go if they insisted on excluding us and our baby to that extent or, alternatively, telling J&amp;J that they have the issue, so they don't come?