AITA for using my eye as an excuse
So reddit, I (16f) was born blind in my left eye, my optical nerve is to small, it doesnt reach properly, my entire life the doctors told me to be careful, that I wouldnt drive big trucks or anything like that.

So basically I have no depth perception whatsoever, I cant catch, I cant throw, I can barely kick a soccer ball.

Well my mom wanted me to join sports, I told her no, theres no way I could do that without getting hurt or hurting someone else. She accepted it for grade nine, and ten, and eleven. I'm in grade twelve and shes been whining about me not doing sports.

I told her theres no way I'm doing it, with being blind in my left eye I can't see if someones coming from there, I cant play sports properly.

She got mad and started yelling that disabled people do all kinds of things all the time, that I'm able bodied and I'm just blind, I can see fine with my right eye and I need to stop using it as an excuse to not do things I dont want to. Well we got into a big heated argument about my sight and I said my eye affects my every day and I just stormed off.

Now shes mad saying that I'm giving half blind people a bad look and I told her shes crazy.

So reddit AITA?

Info: examples I run into at least five door frames a day, my school had to put tape at the edge of stairs so it wouldnt look flat and I'd stop falling down the stairs, they added this in grade nine after I fell down the stairs five times in the first month of school.

Edit to add: found notes from last talk with doc I'm only supposed to run when I'm around people or know the ground is flat, also thanks everyone it was nice hearing from others who were blind to, it seems weve collectively agreed my mom thinks eyes arent part of the body, and that my disability is real, not an excuse, but a reason, also thanks everyone :) sorry I couldnt respond to everyone

Info: I was reading more comments, someone asked what my doctor adviced when I was a child, ok for reference here's what was adviced by my doctor and ignored, I was supposed to not go up or down stairs unaccompanied till I was about ten, there were supposed to be baby gates on the stairs until I was five, both rules ignored and I nearly fell head first down the stairs at age three because of it. I was supposed to avoid cliffs and over hangs, but my mom took me to rocky trails and cliffs to go for fun family walks. I was meant to stay away from basically any unflat surface without a parent or guardian but my mom regular sent me off to playgrounds or on walks, or up the stairs by myself before I was supposed to, hope that clears up something for anyone still reading :)