AITA for telling my husband to stop paying extra child support?
My (37f) husband (38m) has a 6 year old son from a previous relationship. We have an almost 4 year old daughter together and his son is his only other child.

He and his ex have an arrangement where in addition to the £350 he pays as legal child maintenance, he also pays for a number of other things on top. School uniforms, school trips, the lion’s share of Christmas and birthday presents, but also things like contributions towards petrol for the school run, food shopping, utilities for the power his son’s Xbox uses etc. The list his ex supplies every month is honestly endless. Often he’s paying 2 or more times his legal contribution in a month. This is on top of his son staying with us approx every other weekend where of course we pay for everything because he’s in our home.

Husband earns £45k a year but I’m part time due to childcare costs so our joint income is £65k. Maybe depending on your background that sounds like a lot but it really doesn’t go far after our own bills, mortgage, childcare and looking after our daughter, car payments and saving for an emergency fund etc, to then also pay £700+ a month to his ex. It leaves us stressing about money a lot. 

We had an argument last night about money where he was worrying about us affording Christmas on top of the gas bill crisis going on at the moment, and I basically told him if he stopped paying everything his ex asked for we would be in a better position for savings. That he didn’t need to pay for every single cost associated with his son and that his ex should shoulder more of the costs. (She also has a partner who she lives with and I feel like my husband is funding them as much as he is his son)

He said I’m encouraging him to be a bad father, that i would certainly shut up if I was in his exes position i.e. he left me and didn’t pay up. I said if I was in his exes position I wouldn’t use his child as a pawn to rinse him for extra money all the time when he has another child to provide for too. This escalated until he ended up sleeping in the spare room and hasn’t spoken to me yet this morning aside from briefly in front of our daughter at breakfast . AITA?

Info: I probably should have added that I don’t know his ex’s partners income exactly, but I do know that their combined income must at least be about the same as ours given the job he does and her part time job

Edit: been advised to include that we may have to downsize as a result of barely being able to break even every month after the mortgage and now having no emergency savings

Edit 2: seeing as I’ve put this in comments a few times I just want to clarify - I don’t think he should pay only the legal minimum, just a reasonable and balanced amount between both children