AITA for denying my brother his inheritance?
I have a biological brother P (30) and a step brother K (25) &amp; half sister (17). My mom died and Dad remarried when my brother K was 5. There was a lot of animosity between my moms family and my dad, they had no contact (except to arrange weekly visits).

Growing up my step brother has little contact with them, this eventually grew to small birthday gifts and meeting at large family events but nothing more. He had his own grandparents (on his dads side) who he visited and received gifts from.

My Grandfather  has been given a terminal diagnosis, we have had to sell his house for him to enter a hospice and it’s in the end stages. His will leave’s everything to P and Me.
Recently my Brother K has been asking after his, I had a call from the hospice to say they kept having calls from someone requesting to speak to his. They were worried it was a scammer, my grandfather is heavily deaf and all his relatives know this.
Turns out it was K, he then admitted he wanted to keep in touch so he’d “Remember him in his will”. I told him it was his choice who he left money to and it wasn’t likely. He blew up on me calling me selfish, controlling and saying I favoured our brother.

Hours later I had messages from my step mom to say I needed to “evaluate my priorities” and that money would be really helpful to them. She wants me to either pressure my grandfather to changing his will or split mine 3 ways with my step brother and half sister. My brother is constantly being let go due to his attitude and Step mom refuses to work full time or ask her boyfriend to contribute to rent. My half sister has no interest in the money.

Now if he had a relationship with my grandfather I wouldn’t be so annoyed, but he’s never once tried to contact him before this. His own grandmother left him a sizeable sum which he blew through (we didn’t get any). And I cared for my grandfather for nearly 20 years, including personal care &amp; housekeeping for the last 5 (whilst working full time).

AITA for staying firm?

Summary
My stepbrother wasn’t a a cut of his non biological grandfather’s will. I am Refusing to split my share.