AITA for yelling at my sister after she outed me in front of the whole family?
A few days before Thanksgiving, I (15f) had some friends over and naturally we were discussing both our gender identities and our sexualities. While talking about myself, I told my friends about a girl I kind of like. I should have more careful where I said it though, because my sister (12f) came in seeming confused asked why I like a girl and not a boy. While my friends sat there in silence, I told my sister about my sexuality and my sister seemed pretty uncomfortable. I told her that she couldn't tell my mom (the reason I felt comfortable telling my friends was because my mom was out) and she asked why. When I told her that I wasn't ready to tell my mom, she told me I need to trust our mom more and that keeping secrets from her is "manipulative." When I asked her if she even knew what manipulative means, she got mad and told me she was going to tell our mom when she got back. 

I was silently freaking out, and I offered to pay her to keep her quiet. So I ended up giving her 20 dollars because I REALLY don't trust her. She thanked me and promised to keep it to herself. 

Fast forward a bit. My family went down to my grandparents house, where we have a Thanksgiving dinner every year. I have a large family, and quite a few of them are pretty set in their ways. So, I went to the bathroom before we ate and when I came back, everyone went quiet and I got so many looks from most people and everyone seemed pretty shaken up. They start whispering to each other. When I asked my mom what happened she told me that my sister told everyone that I was dating a female (which I'm not, I LIKE one) and that apparently she stood up while everyone was going around and saying what they're thankful for and that's when she said it. It was fucking mortifying. I turned to my sister and snapped at her, and told we had a deal. We started arguing. My sister's arguments were, "keeping secrets is bad, nobody can trust you," kind of shit. I told her she could stay out of my fucking business. My mom finally shouted, "that's enough," and told me that I should be ashamed that I cursed in front of family, especially at a 12 year old. She told me I was ruining Thanksgiving and sent me away to one of the bedrooms. My other sister followed me in after she finished her meal and told me it wasn't my fault and that there was no problem with liking girls,  but I can't help but feel I did SOMETHING wrong, so please tell me if I did. Side note: I did get food later, my mom just didn't want me in the room after that and it was probably because she knew my family wouldn't take it lightly.