Update: AITA for not wanting to change my name and asking fiancée to change hers?
Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/p3ewuh/aita_for_not_wanting_to_change_my_name_and_asking/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf

Hello, my original post got so much more attention than I expected and I figured you all deserved an update.

It was very rough for me to read literally thousands of messages calling me an asshole. I even lost my cool a little bit (shoutout to the mods for not permabanning me for my tantrum even though it would have been fair). But my wife and I read every comment together and discussed things thoroughly.

I had not considered the patriarchal/historical angle of asking a woman to take a man’s name and give up her own. It’s just not something I’d been exposed to much. It turns out this was there “in the background” for my wife and was bothering her, but she wasn’t fully aware of it, much less how to explain it to me. So it wasn’t just about the paperwork/hassle of changing her name, she was also resisting because she felt weird about giving up her name. I had no idea that she felt that way and was glad some commenters gave her the language to actually talk about it with me. 

Part of our process in resolving this difference was to do 23andme tests and build family trees. This ended up being really enjoyable and we both found out some great family stories and tidbits from relatives. I highly recommend for other couples to do this too. We both feel much more connected to our personal histories and therefore our last names now. And it was very moving for me to link our trees together and gave me that sense of romantic connectedness I was seeking through the names. 

The end result? We got married two weeks ago without a legal name change. In the future, we are thinking of hyphenating our names...maybe. Neither of us are pressed to do it immediately as we are basking in the newness of our marriage. Our kids will also have hyphenated names too if we are blessed with some. 

I am thrilled to be married to the love of my life even if we are not a matching “Mr. and Mrs.” for now. I would still like to be someday, but if we do then the hassle of changing our names will be something we suffer through together instead of an unequal burden. 

Most of all this experience has massively changed the way my wife and I approach our differences or conflicts together. We work through things slowly, gently, and without assumptions until we understand each other and that has been the best thing to come out of this experience. So although I didn’t expect to say it…thank you to everyone who called me an asshole a few months ago. My wife thanks you too.

ETA: Thank you sincerely for all the well wishes for my marriage 🙏 My wife will read them all too and we are grateful to anyone wishing us well