AITA for not giving one of my son’s toys to my nephew, causing him to have an hours-long tantrum?
We hosted Thanksgiving at my place. My brother, his wife, and their almost four year old son were among the guests. 

As people were leaving, my brother asked if my nephew could take home one of my 2 year old son’s toy trucks. My nephew had been playing with it nonstop since they arrived and wanted to keep it. My brother said that he’d replace the toy if I told him where I got it.

I told my brother that I’d be happy to give him a link to the store where I bought it, but I would not give him the toy then and there. I refused for two reasons: firstly, my brother/sister-in-law have a terrible habit of giving my nephew everything he asks for. He is way too old for that. Secondly, I don’t want to reinforce in my nephew that it’s OK to just take things he wants. My brother said that my nephew would throw a tantrum if he didn’t get the toy then and there, and that everything would be easier if I just let him take the toy and get sent a replacement in the mail.

I told my brother that I would not be an enabler for my nephew’s bad behavior, and that it’s my brother/SIL’s problem if he throws a tantrum. Of course, the inevitable happened—my nephew started shrieking inconsolably at the top of his lungs and my brother/SIL/nephew had to leave.

Later that evening I got an angry text from my brother saying that my nephew screamed his head off for the entire 3 hour car ride home and only stopped screaming after he literally passed out from exhaustion. He said that the tantrum was my fault since it would have been completely avoided if I’d just given my nephew the toy, and accused me of “backseat parenting,” since in his words it’s not my place to set an example for his son.

My wife thinks we should have just handed the toy over to make things easier, especially since our son has a ton of toys (and is not particularly attached to that specific truck) and would not have noticed it missing for just a couple days. I still maintain that it’s well within my rights to set an example for my nephew even if it goes against my brother/SIL’s parenting style of coddling their son, and that the tantrum is 100% a result of their terrible parenting habits.