AITA for excluding my friend's partner from brunch with the guys?
I am really lucky to be friends with the guys I rode the school bus with in 5th grade.  We keep in touch in a group text, but we rarely get together - maybe once or twice a year max since we are all grown ups now, have jobs, kids, and live pretty spread out - about an hour from each other in all directions.  I recently invited the guys to have brunch cuz it was "Ben's" birthday - Ben also just interviewed for a job he was hopeful about, that would move him across the country.  I set the date, make the reservation, and the scheduling gods shine upon me - everyone can make it.  After Ben says he can make it, he starts telling me his partner "Sara" is trying to come.  I am fine with Sara, honestly she's totally fine, but I don't want to hang out with her on the literal one day I've organized for the guys to get together.  I also was planning on paying for Ben's brunch as a birthday gesture, and adding Sara complicates that part a bit too, but it's way beside the point.  She continues to get really upset about how she feels left out...and I tell Ben to let her know we can schedule something in the future for significant others to be invited to and even kids, but I honestly just wanna focus on the squad -- it's not personal, but she's just not in the squad.  Prior to covid, I probably would have just sucked it up and said ok, but I've had a rough year, I really value and don't wanna dilute what little time I have with my bros.Two weeks later, Ben brings up that Sara is STILL upset about being excluded, "her feelings are really hurt".  I usually just ignore people when they are acting ridiculous or insecure about things that are out of my control, but at this point, I am starting to realize that the only issue is ME.  Had any of the other guys invited Ben to something, I don't see that Sara would have inserted herself or felt "left out".  I think the problem is that I am a woman, and she is either insecure about my friendship with Ben (which has been strictly platonic since its inception), or thinks that she should be automatically invited for some reason when the event includes me.  She and I are not friends.  I went from brushing her "feelings" off to being flat out pissed that she is continuing to give my friend shit for hanging out with with the guys without her.  BTW Ben got the job (woohoo) but that really cements it for me that our brunch and time together was probably the squad's last one for a long time.  I really feel like Ben should just tell her to get a grip, but I am really hung up on the fact that the issue really seems to be specific to me.  Am I an asshole for not including her for the 5th grade bros brunch??

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Little edit since I don't think I was clear: if at any point Ben said he wanted Sara to come, she would have come.  He was not asking, but complaining to me, about her trying to invite herself, so I said I'd prefer it be a bros brunch and I'd be happy to organize something soon where she could also be there.