UPDATE WIBTA for leaving a family trip early?
The short of it is that I’m still with the trip after a very long and emotional discussion. 

I’ll preface everything that none of them meant to make me feel like a stranger in my childhood home, or that I had to hide just to avoid inconveniencing them. They all feel horrible and have apologized. Book SIL has repeated her apologies especially, and my sister said she didn’t mean to come across as condescending. We’re working on it. 

Dad seemed to get emotional when he said that this house is my house too until the day I die- but then followed up with or until they sell it and move in with one of us young ones. My sister hit him and told him that deflecting with humor was how we got to this point and we need to learn better means of communication. Her wife suggested family therapy, and my brother seconded it. None of us are opposed, even my bootstrap loving father. I’m amazed by that most of all. 

There were a lot of revelations. A lot of liquor. A lot of tears. A lot of shouting, of bringing up the very late past and the more recent years, then more tears. We were not estranged, but we haven’t been close in years, and it shows. 

I’ve held off on responding as I’m sure I still don’t do this justice with this post. 

My family definitely wasn’t yet accustomed to my blindness. They kept tripping over sayings like “good to see you” and felt like they couldn’t talk to me easily anymore without committing a faux pas of some sort. It’s a huge adjustment for them too. 

Basically, what we have here is a failure to communicate. 

I’m staying the rest of the trip. Mom and Dad are going to dedicate a single set of switches, and keep it year round, until this house is no more, so they don’t build the wrong habit. They want this to feel as much a home as it did growing up. 

I wasn’t the kid that was overlooked all of the time, but I did have to suck it up a lot of years or go without notice because of my siblings’ achievements. It means so much to me that my family is going this far for me. There’s more than just the switches and therapy, by the way, but it’s personal and I won’t go into that further for privacy reasons. 

Thank you to u/monkerry especially that urged me not to leave. Same to u/DinaFelice and u/d1sm4ntled, for similarly encouraging me to speak up rather than just leave. Sorry if they don’t link or ping.

I have high hopes for us. We all didn’t speak for so long because of poor communication, and other reasons, that maybe this is the turning point.