AITA for kicking someone out of my life after they wrecked my car
I’ve been best friends with this girl for years at this point. We are so close we’re basically sisters. My family has “adopted” her as one of us and she even got a matching tattoo that my mom and I had. She was there for me through and lot and I was the same to her. Break ups, deaths, family issues etc..

This all happened a couple years ago. (2019) So I went to visit her one February and we decided to go out and drink. We took my car and agreed to leave it and call an Uber. I drank a lot. She had like two drinks over 4-6 hours. We called an Uber and she seemed okay with it for a bit then decided that wasn’t fast enough. I was under no condition to drive and she had quit drinking a while back. 

She bugged me about driving so I let her. We get to the parking garage and she makes a big deal of adjusting the mirrors and then proceeds to back it into the concrete support pole on the side. She blames me for it since I parked with my wheels angled. (Idk)

I tell her it’s fine. It’s late. We’ll figure it out tomorrow. Let’s just go home. So we do that and we look at the damage and she offers to pay for it. 

I have to buy a new bumper and taillight and paint it. It totals 800$. As I’m buying parts for it I’m telling her how much everything is and that she doesn’t have to pay it all to me at once because I know she doesn’t have a lot of money. I’m being open and explaining everything to her.  
Finally I get to where I have an actual total and I tell her and she flips out on me. I told her I didn’t expect her to send me the money all at once or anything like that.  We could a payment plane or something, just to tell me. 

She yells at me and tells me that I could’ve went to the junkyard to fix all of this and got everything cheaper. Meanwhile my friend has been a mechanic for a really long time and we went the cheapest route we possibly could to fix the car. 

After getting to a huge fight over the phone we don’t talk for several months. When we finally start talking again it’s really weird and awkward. Neither of us bright up the car or money. But we’re nowhere near as close as we used to be. We kind of talk here and there, see each other maybe a couple times in a year but I’m not super invested anymore. She has also started hanging out with some different people and doing drugs. 

However halfway into the Covid pandemic she hits me up to send me the money. The damage was done by then. We talk a little bit after that but it’s not the same. I can’t believe she wouldn’t have helped me in the first place. Neither of us really had money at the time. The mechanic let me do a payment plan. 

After she sent me the money it seemed like she wanted us to go back to how we used to be but I just couldn’t do it and after a few months I finally talked to her and told her that we just weren’t gonna be the same anymore. 

She proceeded to freak out on me, call me names, leave nasty messages on my social media and my phone.  I haven’t heard from her since. 

AITA?