WIBTA if I didn’t pay for a commission I won’t be able to receive ?
I’ve been living in another country for the past 5 months, and was supposed to go back to my home country mid December.

While in this country, I commissioned a small Instagram business for a handmade sweater. The price was about 35$ (converted, it’s not the US) + 8$ shipping.
The person took about a month longer than she promised to make it but okay, I wasn’t in a rush. 

She finished it a couple of days ago and was awaiting payment (credit card payment is rare here), I had to deposit cash in a certain bank and she’d receive it before sending the package to me. 


However, because of covid, the government announced two days ago that all flights with my home country were suspended. This really came out of nowhere and with no notice. I only had a couple of days to sort things out with my employer, airline, etc and sadly I didn’t think of notifying the small business. So now my flight is leaving this afternoon, I messaged her yesterday saying so sorry but due to circumstances I can’t pay for the sweater since I won’t receive it (shipping takes 5-6 days). 



She replied back saying I should still pay for it because it took her time and effort, which I completely understand, but I don’t want to pay for something I won’t receive at all. International shipping to my country would add on 40-50$, which wasn’t what I planned for. She also sells noncommissioned pieces on her page so I suggested she can sell it directly. 



TLDR : I’m on an internship abroad and during my stay, I commissioned a small business. My order is ready but won’t be shipped to me in time since I have to leave the country in a rush because the gov cancelled all flights


WIBTA if i didn’t pay the whole price ? How can we find a solution ?

EDIT : for what it’s worth, I ordered a beige sweater. The parts I customised were simply the fit (a bit oversized, crew neck, etc) and the size. It doesn’t have my name written on it, or whatever other personal design