AITA For Refusing to Make a $120 Cut of Steak Well Done?
So, we did a bit of an extravagant Friendsgiving this year as I lucked into a strip loin of A5 Wagyu for a price that was unorthodox levels of cheap (My friend works for a high-end meat distributor and received it as a gift) it was a tight-knit event with only 10 of us there, mostly couples including my friend who only started dating a girl within the last couple months. We had an array of dishes but I was responsible for cooking the meat. Steak is about the closest thing I have to a religion and I take it very seriously. The average steak for me takes about 4-5 hours to prepare and cook from the sous vide to the cast iron, to plate though sometimes I take as much as 3-4 months butter aging or dry aging my meats to be certain that they are perfect. These were genuine A5 so I only sous vide them after cutting them into two inch steaks. There was pretty perfectly enough for one each but I also made jerk chicken, mandarin duck breast, and a nice cut off cherry jalapeno salmon. I had quite the spread. I sous vide them to medium-rare to be sure the fat was well-rendered but informed them that if absolutely necessary, I'd bring them up to medium on request. 

Well, here comes the new girl to the group. She sees the first person cut into their steak and sees pink and she is just mortified. Immediately she acts him of eating raw meat and stresses that the steak should be, "Brown all the way through or else you'll get sick." I informed her that this wasn't the case and that these steaks were actually cooked to the ideal temperature for the cut. She immediately demanded that I cook hers till it was brown all the way through and I firmly said, "Not a chance." She proceeded to get angry and yell that it was her steak and she should have it how she liked. I told her that there were plenty of other meats to choose from as well as a plethora of side-dishes that she could have but her steak was not being made well-done in my house. She said, "Fucking asshole." Then she got up and started to stick the steak in the microwave. I shot up and grabbed it out of her hand first at which point half of the steak fell onto the ground. My dogs quickly got to it to which I said, "Well, at least it went to someone who wouldn't shit on a good steak." From there, there was definitely tension from that end of the table. They ate a little bit then hurriedly left. 

Since then, my long-time friend and his new girlfriend have blocked me on social media and my phone number. They've even gone so far as to block the rest of the people at the table and cut off all ties. Yesterday I received a PayPal invoice from my old friend for $25 that just said, "Pay for dry cleaning of her dress." I don't think anything actually spilled on her, I think it's just more drama but as of now I'm ignoring it and, unfortunately, probably washing my hands clean of an old friend. 

AITA here?

::EDIT::

I should've stated that a menu was sent weeks in advance with the express point that if someone wanted their steak cooked to a higher temperature I'd really go to the grocery store and get some USDA Prime for them.