AITA for not "helping out" with working night shifts
When I started at my job (December 2019) my department was SEVERELY short handed.  Several people quit and one fulltimer was on med leave.  So they (management) asked me what shift I wanted and had various shifts were open. I said days the earlier the better. So I was put on 5-1 for a while, then switched to 6-2. "Laraine" the lady  that was on leave came back but only part time, she didn't want to work the early shift anymore.  

Then earlier this year, around March they hired Pete. Pete works the "night shift" either 10-6/11-7 (11am-7pm). Typically how it works is when you start they put you on nights.  When people quit, they hire new people you get earlier shifts if you want them.  Except everyone (at least 5 people) that's been hired since Pete has worked for a month or two and quit. So he's still on nights.

Pete's been complaining to pretty much anyone that'll listen, and went to management. He's sick of working nights, they're boring shifts and he wants to be off earlier than 7, "he understands the people that have kids need to be off early, but he's married and there's younger people that aren't and they still get early shifts. It's not fair". There's some parents in our department that work earlier hours, Pete's in his 40s and married I'm in my 20s and single so I'm pretty sure he thinks that I should just be stuck on nights because I'm single and childfree. 

 My managers approached me Monday and asked if "I'd be open to helping out with nights once in a while, just so Pete isn't on them all the time". I lied and said that I had other commitments after 2 o'clock and wouldn't be able to.  If they ask I'll say I babysit my nephew or something.  


Then Wednesday I was working with Loraine. She randomly brought up Pete and how "she feels bad because he's been on nights for over 6 months, it'd be nice if someone offered to help him out ". Then she said something about how I " really lucked out" and "didn't have to pay my dues like everyone else" that she doesn't blame people for quitting when they're stuck on the nights because she wouldn't like that either. She said something to the effect of if someone chose not to work some nights to help Pete, when they never had to work them they'd look like a jerk if Pete quit because of it, because he's a good employee.  It felt like a very heavy handed hint

I see her point,  but at the same time I've been there almost 2 years now, it's not my fault that people only stay for a short time. I did get lucky,  because when I was hired they were desperate for people so that's why I never was forced to do nights even though everyone else had to work them for a while when they started. 

AITA for not wanting to help with night shifts so he doesn't have to work them all the time?

ETA: if I did work a night or 2 a week it'd probably screw up my sleep, because I'd be getting off around 7, and still have to be back to work at 6am.

ETA2: Pete doesn't work ONLY nights he usually gets 1 day shift a week, where he'll work 8-4 or 9-5. Because of part timers, or people with different schedules.