AITA for blocking my mom on social media?
I (60F) have been distant from my mom (81) for many years. LSS, she neglected her kids for years, forced my sis to parent the younger ones while she had a series of dirtbag BF's and hubbys that she gave permission to abuse her children, because they had money and she did not want to give up her new 'lifestyle'.

Fast forward, this woman is viewed as a saint by all of our family and friends. Even my siblings kowtow to her and say I should 'let it go', family harmony, blah blah. Right. I did forgive her, years ago, for my own mental health, but I can barely tolerate being in the same room with her, because she is still a liar, passive aggressive and treats me and my kids like dirt. She has done so many horrible things to me, and every time I let her in for a bit, she does some new atrocity, so I gave up. I live across the country for a good reason.

I have grandkids, now. The eldest wants nothing to do with her, because they came out as LGBTQ and she flipped and wanted to send them to a conversion camp (she has become a total holy roller, thanks to new dirtbag BF, and is a big church gal). The youngest is a baby. I blocked her on all of my social media, so she cannot follow photos/vids of baby. Honestly, I don't want her near the baby at all, neither does my daughter or her partner.

Now I have relatives boohooing for her to me that I am being cruel, denying her the right to have a relationship with her great grands, but nearly all of them are totally unaware of the things she has done to me. My daughter knows, which is why my mom treated her so badly when she was a kid and why my daughter refuses to put up with her. My relatives say she is old, will die soon and that I need to 'be the bigger person', not be heartless. I say only the good die young, so this woman will outlive us all.

It has taken me decades to get past what she did to me, things that have affected my entire life. AITA for denying her even a glimpse of her great grands?

&amp;#x200B;

ETA: Thank you all for giving me more support than my mom has my entire life.  I told my daughter about my post, and she hugged me and said she was proud of me for standing up for her and my grands, and for helping her break a legacy of family toxicity that has gone on for generations.  She is a brave, strong, wonderful young woman and I am so proud.