AITA For Getting Mad with my Husband For not Defending Me When it Mattered Most?
Hi everyone, warning now I’m on mobile so I will apologize for any formatting issues. 
(Also some of you might recognize me from a post about my insane birth mom, she’s been crazier since!)

So the back story, I’m 22 weeks pregnant with my first child with my new husband (J). We live in Florida and have been separated from family for the last 7 months due to covid, my pregnancy, and the distance from our home states ( Tennessee and South Carolina). 
My FIL and MIL are both very lovely and wonderful people, and they are beyond excited for us to be pregnant, as this is their first grand baby. 
Now, with that being said, they love to visit, all the time, and randomly. They’ve randomly shown up at our house with hours notice that they were coming with almost no regard on personal life, plans, or work. Still, lovely in laws and amazing people, just a little clingy in my opinion. 
We’re planning to visit my family in Tennessee for Christmas, for a just under a week. I’m planning on quarantining before as my mom works in health care and I would hate to have her fall ill or bring something to work. 

Our in laws have tried to come down several times for December but we’ve had to remind them that December is not a good time frame for us, and we’d prefer if they’d visit AFTER the baby is born. I’ve even made it abundantly clear, multiple times, that I don’t not feel comfortable having them here for the birth of our son in April. 

I’ve literally told them verbally and through text that they were not going to be invited to the hospital for several reasons. 

My FIL was on the phone with J a few days ago and excited announced that they would be there for the birth of our son in April to help out around the house. 
I very quickly “ran” into the room and reminded them they we weren’t having any visitors for several weeks until AFTER he is born. 

J muted the call and told me to leave it alone and he’d handle it later. They continued to talk and joke about them coming down and I felt beyond disrespected. I broke down later that night and confided that I felt betrayed and J told me to leave it alone a second time, that is wasn’t my responsibility. 
I got upset and yelled at him that he should’ve stuck up for me then and his parents were walking all over him. 

I feel bad that I yelled, but I have to know, Am I The Asshole?

EDIT: 

I would like to add that J is on board with not having his family here, and does not want them here either as he finds them overbearing and obnoxious. 

I still stand by that they mean well but don’t know my limits as they’ve never been with us for extended periods of time, and honestly, don’t need to know about my mental health and life before their son. 

With that being said, I do think we will have to tell them soon that my mother will be the one taking care of me when the baby is here. 

And if anyone was wondering, I’m due April 1st.