AITA for not wanting my brother in my life anymore?
I(19F) feel as if my brother(21M) are two completely different people. Not just personality wise, but morally. He wants to become a lawyer, marry a beautiful wife and have kids of his own one day, all while being financially successful. As of right now, he likes to drink a lot, go to/host parties, and is a very sociable person. I want to live in a small, cozy home, with no kids, at peace with my cats. As of right now, I’m more cool calm and collected, I don’t drink or want to drink(because of personal reasons) and I have a very small friend group. I don’t disdain him for how he’s living his life, it’s not my place to tell him what to do. It’s the fact that he wants me to change my life. He keeps pressuring me to go to his parties, tells me what alcohol to drink, and tries to introduce me to more people. I’ve told him numerous amounts of times that I don’t want to, but I’m meant with judge mental comments. “Why dont you want to drink?””Youre a college student and you don’t want to do xyz?”” You’re gonna regret it when you’re older.”. Not only this, but morally I can’t tell if we’re on the same page. He proceeds to say sexist things such as “This is why women weren’t allowed to vote” when I said something stupid, or “ Bisexuality isn’t a thing”(I’m bisexual/queer). He also fatshames people(me included, but it was in the past) hangs out with racist, homophobic friends(but pretends he’s against it) and pressures me into having children one day because “He wants to be an uncle”. He always says he wants family time, but whenever I talk to him, he only gives me five seconds to speak or talks over/completely ignores me. I’m so sick of it. My parents just say that we’re siblings and that’s what siblings do is argue. But I don’t think this is a sibling thing. He’s just not someone I want to be around. He hates everything I do and I don’t want people like that in my life. I thought about this for a long time but I’m still unsure if I’m being an asshole for not wanting him apart of my life. He is family and I feel like we’ll have to see each other eventually in the future. Am I the asshole for not wanting my brother in my life anymore?

Edit 1: I would also like to mention that I’ve tried to give short answer responses and set boundaries, but because he thinks I’m a radical man-hating, feminist(I honestly don’t know where he got that from), he constantly thinks I’m overreacting and that I’m not serious. He always looks to my dad in a “Is she serious?” type of way(my dad isn’t like my brother)

Edit 2: I also should have mentioned that he lives in an apartment while I still live at home with my parents(I would move but I have no money lol). We do also go to the same school and see each other sometimes