AITA for being late to Thanksgiving Dinner and then getting kicked out.
I was late for Thanksgiving dinner and did not say hello to my brother in law. Was this an asshole move? I was kicked out of dinner over this. 

As an FYI I am 51, and I am less then two months from the date I had a  heart attack. I am on the road to recovery. I now take 3 medications in  the AM, and 5 medications in the PM. Something I have never done  before. I do nap every day, usually around 5pm, because I get tired  especially from the blood pressure medication. To say I am not always  myself is to say the least. I get moody and my wife has to remind me, to  be nice. 

I had RSVPD to a dinner on Thanksgiving for 330 to 400pm. I rested in  the afternoon and when I awoke my 16 year old son was watching the  football game, I guess it was already 4pm. I sat down watched the game  not aware of the time and my wife asked me if I had told our hosts (my  brother in law and sister) we would be there later. I didn’t so I texted  them asking if 5pm would be ok and the they seemed perturbed. So I  huddled everyone up, and we went off to the dinner. Still based on me  not telling the girls to get ready promptly we were late (it is hard  with curly headed girls).

We didn’t get there until 5pm so we where late. They were visually  disturbed, and when I came in I went to sit down as I needed to rest.  Within minutes the tone turned, I had not properly greeted my brother in  law, I tried to make small talk, and within an hour our family was  asked to leave. The exact words were, “we are going to pass on desert”  and they looked at the door signaling for us to leave. 

I have known my brother in law 30 years, they are family, or I should  say they where. I have told my wife I don’t need these people in my  life, in fact my brother in law is the only person in my family who has  not once contacted me and checked in on me since the heart attack. 

I have said I should completely get them out of my life. She says I  should apologize. They see no error in kicking someone out of their  house on Thanksgiving based on being late, and needing to sit down under  my current situation.

So am I the asshole? So should I forgive and forget? Or simply forget?