AITA For Saying My Son's Girlfriend Eats Like a Bird?
I (49F) am a full-time chef and the proud mother of four boys. My oldest (21M) has been dating this girl (19F) for about a year. She worked at the restaurant I cooked at for a while which is how they met and she’s a very sweet girl. We usually get along well and I treat her as if she was my own child. My oldest still lives with me as he’s saving for his own apartment so his girlfriend comes over a lot and often stays for dinner or even overnight, this is where the problem started.

My son's girlfriend is very insecure about her appearance, especially her figure. She is underweight, enough to where you can clearly see her bones poking in certain places and she rarely eats. In all the times she’s been to my house I have never seen her eat more than a salad at most. I would never body shame and she is definitely beautiful, but I’m worried she’s not taking care of her health.

She came over for dinner last night and again didn’t eat very much. When I politely tried to offer more food to her she declined saying that she was on a new diet to try and tone her figure. This concerned me even more and I finally spoke up. I told her as gently as I could that she was fine and she really needed to eat more to keep up her energy. She kept declining saying she wasn’t hungry and that she didn’t need to be gaining more weight. I finally had enough and told her that this wasn’t okay and if she continued to eat like a bird she was going to make herself sick. While I was just trying to look out for her, apparently I said the wrong thing as she just looked at me in shock. After a few moments, she quietly excused herself from the table and left shortly after.

My son was furious and blew up at me the moment his girlfriend left. He called me a bitch and asked what on Earth was I thinking talking to his girlfriend like that. I knew how sensitive she was about her weight so to bring up her appetite and compare it to a bird was extremely insensitive. I didn’t think the comment was insensitive though, I was just worried about her and, to be fair, my comparison wasn’t too far off. I wasn’t trying to make a joke out of it or invalidate her, I just wanted to get my point across. My son refuses to talk to me now and demands I call his girlfriend and apologize. I wanted to wait for him to calm down and maybe talk about it with both of them but after thinking about it I’m worried I may have actually offended his girlfriend and that he may be right for wanting me to apologize first. AITA?

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: I'm seeing a lot of similar comments so I figured I would just clear up a few things here.

1. I did not go into detail about the conversation but I do want to clarify I never yelled at my son's girlfriend. While I tried using her weight-to-height ratio in a few comments to explain my concern I never commented on her body either. All I said to her that day was this: "Hey (GF) if you want more food you're more than welcome to have more," she said no and I asked if she was sure to reiterate she was allowed to eat more and she mentioned dieting. That was when I made the insensitive comment about her appetite. This was all that was said, never once did I raise my voice, demand she eats more, or body shame her. 
2. My son knows she is unhealthy and does not fetishize or support how much weight she loses. He defended her because he knows she's a bit sensitive and got upset seeing her reaction, that was it. 
3. She is not in contact with most of her family for multiple reasons, we are her biggest support system and I have known her for years. That is why I felt the need to voice my concern, I would never try to replace her mother but I will be a parental figure if she needs me to be.
4. Finally (kind of but not really an update) she did reach out to me and we did talk. She briefly explained that she does suffer from body dysmorphia and anxiety. She is aware she is dangerously thin and is slowly working to get to a reasonable size while still keeping her figure. Despite what many of you thought she's actually recovering from an eating disorder and not actively dealing with one. Unfortunately, because she starved herself so long it is hard for her to eat full meals still because it makes her sick, even if she is hungry. That's why she reacted the way she did, she got embarrassed and was afraid to make herself sick so she left to avoid the awkwardness. I offered to help with a meal plan that would be easy on her stomach if she wanted since she doesn't know how to cook for herself. Also for everyone who was curious, she is between 6'2 and 6'3 and weighs about 130-135lbs atm (I have her permission to share this)