AITA for reporting my friend and a professor for unethical conduct?
An acquaintance Katrina (fake name) and I took a class together at our uni. The professor for this class (let’s call him Prof Rob, 50s M) is known for his favouritism and I saw it first hand in my experience of taking the class. We’re both 21F. 

Most of our professors are males, and although our field is female dominated on the student level, Katrina always scored top of the board across our course (we’re in our 4th year). As I took Prof Rob’s class with Katrina, I realised how much he and most probably the other male professors treated her with a lot of favouritism. I also thought Katrina really played into the favouritism, as in our morning class at 8AM, all of us would be dressed in sweats and no makeup while Katrina would sashay in dressed in designer mini skirts and drenched in perfume with a full face of makeup. She also treated Prof Rob in a really casual manner (bantering with him about the course material, calling him a boomer when he messed the tech) and he would always laugh. He’s quite a strict guy in general so I was very weirded out by it. 

The last straws for me were when A) I saw Katrina and Prof Rob walk out of a movie theatre together at around 9PM, and B) then at a party a few weeks later Katrina mentioned she was late because she was just on a walk with Prof Rob. I didn’t want to accuse her of anything but I thought this was strange behaviour and lo and behold our next test, Katrina scored a 78% (highest in our cohort) while the rest of us just scraped passes.

I filed a formal complaint with the uni about them violating the staff conduct policy as I thought Prof Rob may be trying to take advantage of Katrina and her going along with it. Next thing is, they both get hauled up infront of a disciplinary and even though neither of them were found at fault (I guess how do you prove “he favoured her because she’s pretty”) the whole uni heard about it and it was a topic across the uni. Many people dropped Prof Rob’s class, and he was also quite cool with me. Katrina also dropped the class out of embarrassment as people kept asking her whether the rumours were true and actually interrupted her study for a few months. 

Katrina has totally been ignoring me, but her boyfriend Paul (23M) texted me to say I was an AH. I told him that he should be more worried about his Gf and that it shouldn’t be up to me to point these things out. He said he was always aware of her closeness with Prof Rob and that it was nothing out of the ordinary, and that he just had a good relationship with her. He also said the movie was something Katrina was working on for her dissertation and Paul had always been aware she was going with him for it and didn’t mind.

After all the consequences they received I have a feeling I may be an asshole, but I also think if there was anything funny going on it’s good I put a stop to it. Aita?