AITA for outsting my brother and his pregnant GF
I (27 F) have a little brother (23 M) named Tyler. Tyler, has always been the golden, prodigy child. I was unplanned and parents have always resented me. They never wanted me, and reminded me of it every day. The moment I turned 18, I moved out. I attended a prestigious University and became successful

Despite my parents' best efforts, Tyler never reached his potential. This didn't upset my parents, even after he dropped out of college, right before getting his degree. 
He finally pushed our parents off the edge after finding out he had twins with a girl he slept and broken up with in HS. My parents were furious and finally kicked Tyler out.

A few months ago, Tyler reached out to me begging for a place to stay for a little while. He had run out of rent money and needed help. I was reluctant but soon broke down. I did request that he found a job ASAP. He agreed and I told him my new address and flew him in.

Things started off fine and I brought home job papers and brochures as an attempt to get him working again. He signed up for a few interviews, dressed up all nice and left the house. He wouldn't be back till late at night or sometimes even the next morning, saying he got "caught up" or "met old friends". Long story short, in his off time he was seeing a girl. 

Tyler started bringing her around a lot more often. And after a few months I realized that she was starting to get big. Soon, they let slip that the child was conceived in my home. I was angry and almost kicked them out there but didn't have the heart to do it. 

Tyler mentioned something about our mom and dad wanting to meet his new girlfriend. I said it was probably a good idea for him to head home. In a few weeks I heard knocking at my door. Tyler had invited our parent over to MY house, to meet his girlfriend in hopes of them being proud and letting him back into the house. I was furious, but I wasn't going to give up on this opportunity to get Tyler out of my house.

We sit down and ate dinner, but the entire experience was horrible. My parents ignored me the entire time and forgot my name. They talked about how much they missed Tyler and regretted what they did but were proud of his success and huge living space. They we're sure it was his home. And my brother didn't even defend me! He went along with it as if it was his own home. The conversation turned to Tyler and his SO's "romantic" stories. Quickly I saw timelines didn't add up. He had to have been seeing her while I was at work and he was supposed to be finding work.

Here's where I think I might be the asshole in the situation. I told them all to leave politely but things escalated and I ended up insulting the lot of them before forcing them out my door. I set them up in a motel for the night. 

Since then, my brother keeps texting me about how our parent won't let him back and how he doesn't have enough money for rent. I keep refusing but I'm starting to feel a bit guilty.

So... AITA?