AITA For letting my friends wait in the cold to make sure they know what it's like?
Long story short, there's two of my good friends that always show up late when we decide to have a beer at my place, but not just late, an hour or longer late, casually.

It's gotten to the point that friend A tells tells me 30 minutes before, that he'll be an hour late, then another hour and then half an hour extra.
Friend B is unreachable until 3 hours after set time and usually tells me he's eaten something bad, got a migraine or feels sick, then either shows up an extra hour late or doesn't show up at all. 
They basically leave me out in the cold often (mentally).

Yesterday evening I was done with it, both of them were about to show up 5 hours late (that's 11pm instead of 6pm). It was 2 degrees celsius and I let them wait in front of the door 20 minutes before opening the door, as this could have been the time it takes to not read my notifications, make some food and/or take a shit.

Once I opened the door, they were angry (as expected) and left.

Although I explained my reasoning they don't seem to get it, did I go too far?


Update:

I talked with both of them, 1 of them was very angry at first and started talking about getting a lawyer. As soon as he calmed down, he was actually open to talk it out and understood my 'last effort' to get the message through, although he didn't like the approach he did understand the reasoning. We made a rule that if either one of us is 45 mins late without leaving a message the plans are off the table.

The other friend was not yet open for a conversation and thought I was being hypocritical. We still send each other memes, but since the incident haven't spoken to each other in real life anymore.


I learned a lot from the comments, sadly I have not yet been able to respond to everyone.
The main point I think I should highlight is, as cheesy as it sounds, clear communication is important.

If you find yourself in the same position I was in, let your friends know that they are not welcome if they are late, they will either be on time/give a good reason or they will show how much of a friend they really are. No need to let people stand in the cold, however, no need to stand in the cold yourself either.