AITA for telling my future MIL no one gives a shit about her hurt feelings; her husband is not coming to our wedding?
I know the title is pretty bad, so just hold onto your judgment for a moment.

My fiancé's "Kevin"' parents split when he was 12. His dad had been cheating with a friend of his mother's. I'm going to call his mom "Lucy" Obviously that is a horrible thing to go through and in general I hate cheaters. 

The dad got every other weekend, and Lucy got primary custody. Like with a lot of divorced parents he was Disney dad. His house was all fun and games and Kevin began preferring his dad and stepmom and complaining that Lucy was boring. to be fair I don't think Lucy was a bad parent. She was doing the normal parenting stuff kids don't like, but she is a bit in love with her job and put that before Kevin. Lucy also tried to guilt him for liking his stepmom.

When he was 13 Lucy began dating Mark. Right off the bat Mark was calling Kevin spoiled and ungrateful and telling him how badly he hurt Lucy when he rejected her. This went on for a year and finally Mark overheard Kevin talking back to Lucy and packed him up and drove him to his dad's house. To be this is totally fucked up. Yes, he was hurtful to his mom, but he was also a child. She was an adult and should have found a way to handle it.

Lucy has shown no remorse for allowing Mark to do this. They got married shortly after and Kevin refused to go to the wedding. They've been married 15 years now and it is clear she loves him 1000x more than her son.

Kevin and I are getting married and he decided he didn't want Mark there. I warned him that it was considered bad etiquette, and he might get some shit from family but I will back him 100%. Lucy called us very upset and said we couldn't invite her without her husband of 15 years and we are disrespectful and immature. Kevin handled it that time.

She got even madder when she found out his stepmom will be there. Lucy has had family members guilt trip us over not inviting Mark. She called last night and asked to discuss it. She teared up and said how badly her ex and Kevin hurt her, and she feels Mark is the only person who truly loves her. Kevin was starting to feel bad, so I told her what it says in the title and that she is a shit mom who chose a man and her feelings over her kid. Lucy simply said she would not be coming and hung up.

Lucy's parents and her sister have been calling us since that conversation and saying I'm awful for how I talked to her and now that we are all adults, we should see her side of it more.