AITA... showing up unplanned asking to be fed?
For Thanksgiving my family (2 adults, 3 kids) drove a long distance (6+ hours) to celebrate with my sister and her family.  We had dinner on arrival (take out), Thanksgiving, then a planned brunch the next day all at her house. Saturday morning we show up thinking we were having a quick breakfast before she has her friends over for a 2nd brunch (done separately due to covid).  

We arrive and her husband greets us.  I am excited to spend a bit more time together, get some drinks for the road and drive home.  Her husband then tells me that he will not be feeding us any food.  I am a bit confused, and he tells me that I misunderstood, they thought I was coming by to just say goodbye, and that they aren't feeding us.  I have three hungry kids who haven't eaten, and we checked out of our hotel walking past the free breakfast we'd eaten the other mornings.

I ask him directly what I'm supposed to do about the kids and he says there are lots of places for me to go to get food.  I literally ask if my kids can have an orange, and he says again he is not feeding us.  So I tell my kids we are leaving, and we will wait outside for their Dad to get back with the car.  I just walk out, don't say goodbye to any of them (including her two kids).  We literally sit on their curb for 10minutes waiting for the car.

I didnt see my sister during this time at all.  My sister texts while I'm outside (phone is in car, so I don't see it until we are driving away), saying she's sorry for the misunderstanding.   I call her as we are driving away and ask her if she has any suggestions for us since her husband refused to feed my kids.  She tells me it's not her "job" to feed my kids.  That I'm completely rude and unreasonable. That there is a McDonalds around the corner.  I tell her I need to get off the phone and hang up.  

I'm absolutely dumbfounded that her husband would decide to turn out three kids without so much as an orange and toast. And that she would support that decision and then call me rude to think that they would feed at least my kids.

The misunderstanding came from a phone call the night before. We took the afternoon to visit some other friends and thought we would be back for dinner with her that (soup and leftovers).  I was super sad, so I called and we discussed us coming by in the morning. I knew she had guests coming at 10:30am, and told her we would leave by 10am.  I guess she thought we would swing by at 10am... we got there at around 9am without having eaten anything.  It's clear that there was a misunderstanding, but I can't figure out how the misunderstanding leads to them turning out three kids from their home like that.  And how my leaving the situation makes me an asshole.

So...AITA for showing up and asking for her to feed my three kids when they don't think that's the plan?