AITA for refusing to pay a hairdresser?
I (21M) recently went to visit my parents during a small break I had from university, and today we went to get haircuts at some Chinese hairdresser's place (I'm British born Chinese). My hair had been getting longer since it had been a while.

My parents got their hair cut and all was fine, and when it was my turn, I showed the hairdresser a picture of how I wanted my haircut and also told them how I wanted it cut. He nodded, and as he started, he began lecturing me about how I shouldn't leave my hair so long and how it isn't good for me and whatever. I tried kinda laughing and saying yeah it's been a while and then he snaps at me and tells me I shouldn't be laughing? 

Throughout the entire haircut this guy was just lecturing me about my hair and how I'm gonna lose all my hair by the time I'm 30, why I need to take him seriously, etc. And my hair is fine, the only issue was just that it was long, and it isn't even that long, it was much shorter than getting shaggy.

The guy just doesn't shut up about it at all, and eventually he did cut it the way I wanted to. After a pause, however, he just continues cutting and just fucks shit up by cutting everything super short. I tried saying something but he ignored me and continued cutting and I just accepted my fate at that point. And he did this all as he continued lecturing me. I think I was making a pretty obvious face at this moment and he was just going on about how I need to listen to him and that he knows better, which is why he cut my hair like this. So he didn't even fuck my shit up because he was a bad hairdresser, he was just a dick.

Anyway when it came to paying (we were paying separately) I refused and I told him I didn't ask for this haircut, he outright ignored me, and he was just super patronising. And I get it, some dude coming in with his parents, he might've assumed I was a younger teenager, but I thought it was still unacceptable to treat anyone like this. The guy got angry saying that how young people like me are disrespectful and ungrateful, and my parents ended up paying for me as well.

Once we left, my parents were angry that I was so disrespectful to my elders and were basically treating this guy's words like the gospel. They told me that I looked fine, it's just how it is and it was nothing to throw a tantrum over, but to me, it isn't about whether I look fine or not, it's the fact I'm paying for my hair to be cut a specific way and it was outright ignored. I am feeling a bit guilty now, especially since my parents paid for me.

 AITA?