AITA for buying bracelets for the purpose of reusing the beads in my own jewelry?
I've (24F) been a loyal customer to this small mineral/crystal/jewelery shop for years now. I guess it's kind of like a "new age" store.  The shop is out in the middle of nowhere, about 40min drive from my house. Because of that, I don't go very often. But when I do go I spend a good chunk of money, and occasionally bring a friend or two who also buys from the shop owned by "T".

Anyway, I've recently taken up Micro-Macrame jewelry making. I've been to your standard craft stores (Hobby Lobby, Michael's, etc.) and their semi-precious stone beads go for about $7-$10 each strand. I then went to T's shop and saw a massive planter pot overflowing with beaded bracelets (large variety of stones I'm looking for) for $6 ea. I grabbed 2 of them, along with some small tumbled stones for about $50. I made some cute necklaces using the beads of one of the bracelets and posted it on social media (I am friends with her on this social media site). 

A few weeks go by and I go back to her shop on Black Friday with my Dad to buy more of these bracelets and small tumbled stones to make Christmas gifts. As I browse the pot of bracelets she tells me to not buy any more bracelets. I ask why, and it's because I am not using them for their designed purpose. I try and play stupid but she tells me she saw my post using the beads from the bracelets. I honestly didn't think she would remember who bought what in her store or care this much about $6 bracelets. 

She then goes on to tell me that if I wish to make jewelry, to buy from the strands in the back (her husband runs the jewelry side of the shop). I told her I am not paying $15 for one strand, and plus there is a lack of variety. She tutted and I went on to say that I didn't know that you were the bead police, I give you money for your goods and I should be able to do as I please with my goods. She told me I needed to finish with my shopping immediately. I didn't buy any beads, just more tumbled stones. 

This was honestly rediculous and I have no idea why she would come at me like this. When we got in the car my Dad agreed with my side of the disagreement. AITA?

EDIT: The bracelets sold are not handmade by her. They are mass marketed/wholesale. She also does not sell macrame jewelry in her store (which is what I made).