AITA for visiting my career mentor who's also my ex's mom? My ex and his girlfriend were staying with her and found it disrespectful and creepy.
I met Anna when I dated her son Joe in college. She's in the same technical career field as I am and I really looked up to her. 

When my ex Joe and I were still together, I really started seeing Anna as a career mentor and as a friend. We'd go to happy hours together every few weeks to vent about work and catch up.

Joe and I broke up when we graduated. I stayed in touch with Anna afterwards, we didn't talk much about the breakup because it was a raw subject for me. She and I kept meeting up as friends though. 

Just a few months ago, Joe and his girlfriend Lia moved in with Anna. I guess he lost his job and needed a place to stay when looking for a new one.  

I hadn't known until then that he was seeing someone new, but I wasn't upset to hear it or anything. Honestly I didn't think much about him at all; college when we dated feels like forever ago. 

Anyway, Anna invited me over for coffee last Sunday. When we were at hers, Joe and his girlfriend Lia came in. He had a real double take seeing me and said something to his mom about not realizing "her friend Kat" was me.

I let them talk and I got the impression Joe hadn't been really close to his mom in a couple years, and he'd just heard her mention stuff like "having Kat over" for years just thinking she meant a work friend.

Meanwhile, his girlfriend Lia stared at me looking kinda mad and then stormed off upstairs without saying anything. Joe followed her upstairs. 

Anna and I had a little laugh about how oblivious boys can be, how can someone hear about "Kat the electrical engineer" and instead of connecting it to me, assume she had made another friend with the same name and job? You can hardly find two women at all in my job, let alone two with the same name. 

Soon, Joe came back down to tell his mom "How long are y'all doing this, Lia wants to cook" 

Anna said we could go sit in the living room (next to the kitchen, in an open concept layout) and Joe said that she's gotta know how disrespectful this is. It was clear as day I was coming around "dressed like that" right after he and his girlfriend move in, trying to disrespect his relationship. 

I spoke up for the first time and butted in to say "Dude, this really has nothing to do with you, this is just how I dress nowadays and Anna and I have been friends for years, I've been visiting every Sunday, which you'd know if you visited your mom more yourself." 

He got real mad at me saying that what I was doing was really creepy and stalkerish

Anna snapped at him and said that I wasn't doing anything of the sort, and that he was acting real rude and he better remember he's a guest in her house too. He went back upstairs and I heard some arguing

AITA for visiting my career mentor who's also my ex's mom, when he and his new girlfriend were staying at her house?