AITA for lying about being pregnant?
I (F29) have 2 younger sisters, Julie(F27) and Amie(F22). We come from a very strict religious background of where there's no sex before marriage no drinking under age etc. 
While me and amie haven't followed this path, Julie has and is honestly a bit bitchy about it as she thinks she's better than us. 

Amie is single and living with me and my husband of 3 years, and has been for a while. This thanksgiving, we had the family over at my place and when my sister asked if she can go to the bathroom she comes out after a few seconds with a pregnancy test in hand asking who's is it? I was confused as it wasn't mine but then I saw amie getting nervous so i stood up and told everyone it was mine, 

my husband was confused as we had previously agreed no kids, I have now explained to him and he understands.
Later on I pulled amie aside and asked her about it. Turns out as she has put on weight and has been throwing up alot she took a test but didn't realise she left it on the counter. 
 The night went on with my family congratulating me and my husband and hoping it was a boy or girl. 
After speaking with my sister, we agreed the best thing to do would be to tell the family the truth

We went on a zoom call and I announced that im not actually pregnant however Amie is. To my surprise my dad was very supportive however my mum and sister were horrible to the both of us. They were calling my sister a whore and me an ass for getting they're hopes up, they then went on to yell at her for wanting an abortion. I asked them whats she supposed to do if she's not allowed to have the baby bit also not allowed to have and abortion. 
They angrily left the zoom call and never gave me an answer. 

Now I feel bad though, so aita

Something I don't want to keep repeating:
•Me and my husband are not comfortable lying about a miscarriage 

•my sister wasn't planning on having an abortion she just mentioned it so mabey my mum and sister would lay off a bit more

•we didn't think of saying it was a false positive + what was we ment to do when my sisters baby arrives