AITA for dropping out of my best friend's wedding because I cannot co-exist with the groom's mother?
My best friend "Tessa" is getting married and asked me to be her MOH. At first I was super excited, despite knowing that I had issues with the groom's mother. I'm going to call her "Jasmine" and her husband "Brad"

I used to be a nurse at a major hospital in our area. Jasmine was a doctor and Brad was also a doctor and the head of their department. Jasmine is awful, massive massive ego and always had to be the cool girl. she was also best friends with my work nemesis. Jasmine and I had a couple issues while I was working there. It began with us clashing over a patient and she screamed at me in front of other staff to go spend 8 years in medical school and called me an idiot.

I did report her, but Brad pretty much said nurses are replaceable and finding a specialist is much harder, so I should probably stay out of her way. At another point, she interrupted my conversation with a co-worker about dating and said I should probably try online dating, because I'm just not special and don't stand out. Some words were exchanged, and again I was told that she is more important than me and to just let her be an ass. There is an annual holiday dinner with benefactors of the hospital, and obviously that isn't something I'd get invited to, but Jasmine and Brad both were and I found them making out that night after the dinner, so I guess that is why he was always covering for her. Note she was married at the time, though rumor was her husband fucked anything with a pulse.

Flashforward about six months later, and Brad didn't like Jasmine as much. I have no idea what happened behind the scenes, but she was no longer his fave. Brad began pursuing me and we dated for 7 months. During that time, I really fell for I'm. I know how it makes me sound in hindsight, but this man was the love of my life. Long story short, he dumped me, Jasmine dumped her husband, they are married now.

I quit that job for my mental health and moved to a smaller urgent care center. Anyway Tessa is marrying Jasmine's son, and I thought that I could move past it, but she had an engagement dinner recently, and Jasmine had the biggest shit eating grin when she saw me. She made a smug comment about me looking tired and asked how urgent care was going (woman was a snob, i know what she meant) Then after a few drinks everyone was hanging out by this fire pit, and seeing her being affectionate with him was like a fucking knife in my heart. It just brought me back to that toxic work environment, the night they were making out in an elevator, and the times they would be all flirty and inappropriate right in front of the nurses, because we weren't even real people to them.

Anyway, I texted Tessa (who knows all of this) and told her that I can't be MOH. I will go to the wedding, but might have to leave early because this is all too painful. She said I was being a bad friend and she doesn't like Jasmine either, but this is her once in a lifetime wedding and I should be there for her. She has been distant ever since and I kind of feel like an ass.