AITA for not giving back a tenant's security deposit?
I(34M) own a 1 bedroom house that is currently down south. I had to relocate to help take care of some family members and decided to let people pay rent each month. I have a current tenant that has been living in the home for about 4 months and haven't had any issues. I do background checks on my tenants just as a precaution. My neighbors do keep their eye on the house and will help with any issues with the house. The tenant has been paying the rent on time each month and letting me know if there are any issues. I am perfectly fine with tenants having animals as long as they pick up after them and take care of the house. The only rule is to please keep me informed if there are any issues. 

Recently, I have been receiving calls from my neighbors that my tenant has been hosting loud parties and causing a disturbance. I did reach out to my tenant asking him to please be considerate of the neighbors. One of my neighbors, who is also my best-friend let me know that the tenant had been arrested for selling and having drugs on the property. Police did do a search of the house and found a stash in the basement. He was arrested and I told the tenant he was no longer welcome in the home. 

Same neighbor told me to come down and have a look at the house before having a new tenant move in. I took some time off of work and traveled down to the house. When I arrived, I went inside the home and was absolutely mortified. The house was completely trashed, garbage all over the floors, feces everywhere, two doors were destroyed, and a few holes in the wall. I will have to spend some time cleaning up the home, getting the doors fixed and making sure everything is in perfect condition before finding a new tenant. 

The last tenant's girlfriend reached out to me and asked if she could get the security deposit back. I texted her back saying unfortunately, no. The house was left in poor condition and I will be using the deposit to fix the home. She called me and started insulting me for not caring about her situation and even threatened to sue me. I let her know that I took a lot of pictures of the house in the condition it was left in. I do have pictures of the house before he moved in. 

AITA for not giving back a tenant's security deposit?