AITA for turning my stepson's playroom into an office without my fiancé's approval?
Hello everyone!, I f32 have been with my fiance Kevin m37 for 3 years. I'm 4 months pregnant and have a stepson (Teddy) and he's 9yo and we live at Kevin's house.


I work and provide while Kevin's unemployed. I was recently given a different position at my company so now I work from home but the problem is that we have no office; Only 3 rooms. Our bedroom + Teddy's bedroom + Teddy's playroom. I need private space to work and I asked Kevin if I could use Teddy's playroom and he said no. I asked again and he said no means no even after I begged.

Last week, I admittedly got fed up with tv noises while working in the livingroom and decided I was going to move Teddy's toys to his bedroom and turn the playroom into an office. I organized everything while Kevin was out and when he came home he lost control of his nerves and had an argument with me about how I should have never done that. He told me I needed to understand that this is his house and every room in it belongs to him and I should have never overstepped and taken Teddy's playroom and "kicked' him out like that - I agreed with few of his points. Yes, it's his house and his name's in the lease and no one can deny that....However, and to put it bluntly,, I pay for everything around here. Water, electricity, other bills and I handle renovations and moreso, I filled that room with toys Teddy can play with - I'm fine with that he's my son that I didn't give birth to and Kevin knows how much I adore Teddy and willing to sacrifice for him but kept yelling at me that I overstepped and was only making Teddy hate me gradually starting by taking his playroom! His favorite part of the house!!!. I argued with him deeper about it and told him I did this not out of malice but to work so I can continue to provide for the family since he's employed. Don't know how he managed to call that "obvious financial abuse and control" and said that no decent future wife shows this amount of disrespect and inconsideration for her future husband's wishes and rules and that hurt me because I've already tried to communicate my problems and he's just dismissing me completely. He demanded I put everything back but I said sorry but no. He told me I have an attitude that doesn't look good for a step mom, Called me selfish and told me to go explain to Teddy how I have no problem stealing his room and refusing to give it back and to not be surprised if he begins resenting me even if he agrees to let me have it.

I understand Kevin has always been protective of his son and puts him first which not many dads do and he even said he chose me to be his partner based on how close I am to his son but this issue basically caused a rift between us.