Success story - beating anxiety
My story is the absolute weirdest. I figured I would document it here in case others experienced the same.  


43/yo male. My entire life I've never had a single sign of anxiety, panic or insomnia. I life a pretty active and busy life. Married, 2 young kids, bunch of hobbies, tech career. My health has been great, non-smoker, barely consume any alcohol, exercise occasionally. I know that anxiety can strike even when there is no trigger, but I can assure you that I have nothing in my life that would cause anxiety disorder on the surface.  


On  11/5/21 I woke up with what I now know as brain fog/depersonalization. It was the worst (I don't need to tell you all). I never experienced this before. Starting that night and then every night for the next 5 days I woke multiple times in the middle of the night to full blown panic attacks. We're talking full body incontrollable shakes, crying, palpitations, headache..etc. Every night since then up until a couple days ago (more on that later) I've gotten barely any sleep. Waking every 2 hours to heart palpitations, tremors and borderline panic attacks. My days have been all brain fog and anxiety.   


Back to the first 4 nights now - I went and saw my primary doctor. We talked about everything. She prescribed me Ativan (30 day tablets, 0.5mg each. Use as needed) and started me on Lexapro. I took the Ativan every night before bed just so I could try and get some sleep (barely helped) for about 8-9 days. I also started the Lexapro and immediate cold turkey stopped after 3 days. I stopped for a couple reasons. The first, the horror stories I read here on Reddit about it. The amount of weeks it takes to maybe start working and the hell people go through. The second reason, I asked myself "Why now? What happened to me now that 43 years didn't do?". I was determined to not give into the medication route so fast since this all just came on quickly. 

I went back to my dr and said "Thanks but no thanks" to the Lexapro. She understood. We agreed to keep me on Ativan for the "oh crap" moments, start seeing a therapist weekly, and go through CBT-a courses. I saw the therapist twice since this writing and it's very "meh". She basically just listens to me talk and just asks me stuff like "So what are your plans this weekend? How are you going to keep busy?". The CBT-a course was also very "meh". I learned a ton of what it offered here on reddit posts. I also did guided meditation, breathing exercises...you name it.

Throughout the entire month of November I barely get any sleep. My Apple Watch sleep app is proving that. But I noticed one thing...every day (as horrible as it is) seems to always be slightly better than the day before. I started out with 4-5 days of non-stop panic attacks , slide into just no sleep, anxiety only at night opposed to day/night. I started to think vitamin deficiency. I asked my dr to run a vitamin blood test and she said no (I'm still pissed about it to this day). She was certain I was now suffering GAD and said Lexapro/Ativan is what I need right now.   


So here is what I did with a little speculation on a possible link to what started it (tin foil hat!)  


\- I started taking Vitamin C, D3, Omega3. I was already on a daily multivitamin. D3 was my biggest concern since I never go outside anymore. I work a desk job in cyber security and since the pandemic hit I've been working from home. I've been on the new vitamins for just over a week now.

\- I started taking Natural Vitality Calm Sleep 30 min before bed (Magnesium, GABA, L-Theanine, Melatonin formula). This stuff knocked me out (in a good way). I was still waking up though but each day it got better.

\- I started eating way healthier. I actually started that shortly after the panic attacks. Super healthy eating.

\- Water intake through the roof every day. I can't stress that enough.

\- I started drinking a stress reliving/bedtime decaf tea

\- I cut out all coffee/caffeine. I was a huge coffee drinker daily. I haven't had any caffeine (knowingly) since this all began.

\- I used Tylenol daily to keep the tension headaches down. I forgot to mention that, I suffered nearly daily with that tight "rubber-band" headache on the front, sides and back of the neck right under the skull. I eventually switched to a low dosage 83mg aspirin.

So where am I now?

Starting on Thanksgiving night I noticed I only woke up once during the middle of the night. No anxiety, just woke. Every since night since then I've gotten the best sleep of my life, have zero anxiety, not a single heart palpitation, no panic and my mind is once again back to a completely clear state. I'm so much back to normal I've debated leaving many of the FB/Reddit groups I'm in since I don't think they apply to me anymore (but I wont! this has been a life awakening event that I'm now focused on making sure doesn't come back). I've stopped taking the Natural Vitality Calm.  


Here's the tin foil hat stuff though...

Why, after 43 years did this disorder strike so hard and now it's gone? I'm not here to debate this but one observation I had was that 2 weeks prior to all this going down, I got my COVID booster shot. I had zero anxiety about the shot. I'm not afraid of needles, I'm not afraid of shots or giving blood. I mention this because I've seen some other peoples stories that are very similar to mine and they also seemed to be triggered post covid-booster around the 2 week mark.  I know there is no evidence to this claim it's just something observed leading up to this event. 

&amp;#x200B;

I know there isn't much in my story here that isn't already known - but if I can give any advice it would be this. I know prescription medicines are definitely helpful (I'm generally pro-meds) but my doctor was so quick to push them as the only option. Research into these drugs is scary and I can't imagine being on any of them long term without at least trying real hard to solve it naturally first. So if you can, resist the prescription meds and try natural healing as much as possible. Stay active! Get up and move. This was helpful to me. My wife says I was more productive in November than I have been in a long time. I forced myself to do so much just to keep my mind in the right place. Get your blood work done (even though my dr said no). The pandemic has likely put many of us in some sort of vitamin deficiency.