Physical symptoms of anxiety or something else?
Hello all, this is my first post so bare with me. I have been feeling very sick for about 2-3 months. A little background, I have a history of anxiety and depression(mainly anxiety). It started in 2016 I believe after a bad car crash. I recently had my first child, which has caused my anxiety to get worse. Before pregnancy, I would have panic attacks with heart palpitations, dizziness, weakness, muscle tingling and numbness in arms and legs, chest pain, heart burn, etc. but I could usually pinpoint what triggered these attacks. My whole pregnancy was stressful, the changes to my body caused me more anxiety (I believe I have health anxiety?) the stress impacted me so bad they ended up inducing me. After having my daughter, I was still anxious but I guess I was so focused on her I didn’t really notice. Fast forward to a couple months ago I started getting really sick. It started off as migraines on my left side, pain in my neck, and shoulder. This kind of freaked me out because I didn’t know what it was. I remember one day having an extremely stressful day and I started feeling other symptoms, along with the headaches and pain, I had nausea, dizziness/lightheaded ness, chest pain, shortness of breath, acid reflux/burning, pain in my right leg, tingling, muscle weakness, stomach cramps, diarrhea every time I ate, urinating a lot?? Like one time it was every 10 minutes for an hour. And my pee was clear even though I have barely drank water. Is this an anxiety symptom?! Anyways I have been to several doctors and they all say stress, maybe ibs, lack of sleep, migraines. I did have a few tests run-head/neck ct, X-ray, blood tests. My blood tests did show low magnesium and after taking supplements I felt better for a couple weeks and just started to get worse. Also my daughter doesn’t sleep, so I get about 5 hours of sleep a night maybe. What can this be? Is it anxiety?? Hormones?? Also I forgot to mention I’ve been breastfeeding this whole time but am currently trying to wean her. I have tried yoga, meditation, prayer, cbd. I’m hesitant on getting a prescription again because it makes me feel like a zombie, but I have had Xanax in the past. I just want to know what’s going on with me. Even when I don’t feel stressed or anxious I still get symptoms is that normal??? Just want to feel like myself again:/