For my mental health.. I'm going to quit my job
I have only just completed 1 of 3 month probationary period as a school cafeteria prepper. I make the baked goods, sandwiches, pizza, serve, clean dishes, stock up and refill stuff, and supposed to assist the head cook. Definitely went in under-trained lol and it shows. They were banking on me learning fast. Nope.. not with my auditory processing disorder, being 5yrs unemployed, and being a "recovering" agoraphobic lol

(Warning.. venting coming lol)

But in this 2 weeks. Was chaos. Boss showed her true colors and was rude. We are so understaffed. I tried managing my time and created a system but its impossible. I come half and hour to a full hour early to try to meet time for free. Because the only other worker at this location is this head cook that is dealing with her 20 dishes and cashier work by herself.

It has only been 5 weeks(if including the 4 days training) which shocks me because it feels like I'm reaching that 3rd month. Yea I just bring work home. Its only 5hrs on weekdays 5mins from home but stress is too much. I am breaking. I get anxiety and panic attacks before and after my shifts.. and even going to bed to prepare the next day. Its physically and mentally demanding. I talked to my bf and he saw. I'm just so relieved(?) that he cares or said that its not worth to destroy myself over. That i could look for another job until one sticks.. as long as i keep trying.

I felt like he was looking more forward to this job for me. I tried to tell him a couple of times and he shut me down with unintentionally toxic positivity so i shut up for feeling ungrateful. Though i was slightly ready and was planning small.. but due to our argument bout me being a financial burden. This is why i jumped head first in and applied to 100 jobs in 2 days.. It caused new trauma for me tbh due to him not understanding agoraphobia and anxiety.. and it felt like an ultimatum. My motivation was do this to move out. But now it seems like i risked my well-being for this relationship and for sure.. the trauma from his words and that day is so strong because I'm so scared to be unemployed again. I need money.. yes. Money pays for my personal splurges. But I'm scared to be "home" not.. contributing financially. Cleaning and cooking was not enough. Its money. 

I do feel bad because school break is starting in 3 weeks. In 2 they need a temporary replacement for my head cook. They're also dealing with last minute orders. I'm told by my bf i don't need a resignation letter due to being so early and due to being in probationary period.

I kept telling myself that it is for my well-being. I feel sure that she will let me go after the Christmas break or after the probationary period. And it will be her exploding on me.  I've hit or is at the highest point of breaking down. I just feel so scared with confrontation. The lost of money. I hate that I'm not smart or skillful. This place would've been ideal because it is so close to home too and only in mornings. I hardly people too. I'm dreading the unemployment and job search again. Because nothing else works.

I'm just so frustrated and overwhelmed. How do i know anxiety isn't tricking me and making things worse than it is? What if its supposed to be hard? They say no jobs actually make you happy and that you're supposed to just push through. I'm just so scared to fail. I'm tired to try again and again. I'm just so scared. I feel so alone. I can't do anything right