I want to start dating, but my inexperience gives me a lot of anxiety
I've spent most of my adult life being choked by anxiety and depression. It lead me to close in, not make friends, and generally just do nothing.

But I've made huge improvements on myself in the last year. My outlook is generally good, I'm going out and seeing friends and trying new things. I'm getting exercise, and working towards goals, albeit small ones.

I recently started to use some dating apps. And a few people seem to actually like what I've become. Because I've gotten a few likes, and have even texted a little. I'm pretty bad at it, but have been good enough that two people have all but asked me to ask them out.

The problem is actually planning and going on dates. I have almost no experience in doing what I think would be good first dates. So the idea of doing it not only terrifies me, but I don't know where and what would actually be something fun to do!

And these are things I want to do, regardless of romantic context. But the thought of doing them alone gives me the instinct to crawl into a nearby hole. I also never developed friendships, so I don't really have anyone that I could do them platonically with, just to take the initial edge off my anxiety.

I had also been hoping that potential dates would be able to help me out with some suggestions. But they clearly want me to take all the initiative. And didn't really respond when I mentioned my social anxiety in the context of being unsure where to take them. It honestly chilled my initial excitement at going on a date with them. 

Maybe even mentioning my social anxiety was a mistake, but I don't see any way around it. While I can see a point in the future where it doesn't have big hold on me. Right now its a large part of my life. And not telling people would likely lead to misunderstanding my intentions or reactions. Unfortunately I think my masculine appearance and interests give rise to assumptions about me, that make my social anxiety surprising or even unacceptable.

I'll keep plugging away at it. Maybe I'll find someone who has enough initiative or empathy to let me get over this initial bump. If not, eventually I think I'll be able to explore these things by myself, or make friends that want to do them with me.

Thank you for reading. Getting this out there really helps.