Someone is using my data: should I be mad about this?
This isn't specifically related to something happening in an academic context, but I can't find anywhere else to post this, so: 

About two years ago, as part of my job and at the request of my boss, I did a major data analysis for my organization, which included gathering all the information, developing a data model, conducting the statistical analysis, and writing a report that summarized my findings (as one does when one is presented with a problem).  I shelved the project and started graduate school. 

A week or so ago, having finished my graduate degree (yay successful dissertation!), my boss mentioned that he needed to connect me to an outside researcher, who has apparently been working on a paper based on the summary report I'd written; this researcher and I met the other day, and he has asked me for several secondary analyses of the original data set, as well as commentary about what I thought the data meant from an organizational perspective. He was very open about ensuring that I was included as part of the author team going forward, but I'm a bit taken aback that things have gotten this far along without me knowing anything about it. 

I have never published anything. The writing I have done has either been for academic credit, or for my organization's internal use, so I am generally unaware of what's involved in the process and what the commonly accepted practices are. Had I not started grad school I probably would have tried to work this data into a paper for publication, but that didn't happen, and so at this point it's all water under the keel. I've reviewed the ICMJE rules around author credit and based on this information I absolutely qualify (although I have yet to review a manuscript or offer input into the drafting process, I am given to understand that we will be starting that soon), so that's positive. 

However the whole thing has left a bad taste in my mouth, as though someone has taken my work and decided to appropriate it for their own ends; I feel like I should have been consulted, and brought into this project, much earlier. (It's entirely possible my boss was sparing me the burden of trying to work on this while finishing my dissertation, so there may be altruistic motives behind this decision.)   
Should I be mad about this scenario? What do you even say (to my boss or to this researcher)? Do I just need to have an Uncomfortable Conversation and see where it leads, or should I just get over this? 

Thanks in advance for the commentary.