(25 Trans woman/MTF) HRT Clarification Question
Hello! 

I'm a 25 year old trans woman who has a question about my hormones regimen (listed below) that I cannot seem to find any solid answers on anywhere. 

If this is the wrong area to post this, please let me know and I will gladly move it. 

I have been in Progesterone from day one as that is how my doctor prescribes it. I have seen people debating whether this is inhibitive of breast development or not with many saying to wait 6-12 months before adding Progesterone. 

I feel like my breast development took off until about month 4 and then has stalled and I am about to hit the 7 month mark the beginning of December. 

I measure as a 36C, but that is not a filled out C but rather just that big at the tip of my breasts that despite the Progesterone are still very conical at this point. My breasts do not look big at all in person as I am 5'10" so most people would guess A cups and they aren't much to hold onto if that makes sense. 

Most of my "breast" is actually the pectoral muscle underneath, the actual breast tissue on each side is only about the size of a ping pong ball currently. They have been soar since I started hormones just not much development. They are also still currently hard/firm if that helps at all. 

I have pics that I can share if that would be helpful, but was not sure if posting them was violating any rules. 

I know Progesterone is needed for advancing into higher Tanner stages and for good nipple development I just worry that it has been inhibiting something. 

Would it be advised to stop the Progesterone for a while then start it back up? Continue the course? Am I doing just fine and should just wait?  

I know there is the standard YMMV, but I was hoping for some potential insight. 

Hormone Regimen:

1. Estradiol Cypionate - 1mL injection once a week (E levels at 344 last blood check)

2. 50mg Bicalutimide - daily

3. 200mg USP Progesterone - taken rectally daily

P.S. not sure if Progesterone is supposed to be capitalized, but my phone kept telling me to lol.