Lifelong poop mystery, with a frustrating clue
50M, white, 5'10", 180#, Never drink/smoke/drugs. Ever since my late teens or early twenties I've had a poop problem that I've never seen described in all the articles and web pages I've read. I've talked to a number of doctors about this without any suggestions that helped.

My normal poop pattern is to poop only about every four days, give or take a day. And then when I do poop, it's usually an urgent need, not quite an emergency, but a strong need that comes on fairly quickly. So basically no poop feeling for days, and then a sudden strong need to poop. When I poop, the turd is long, with the initial part being solid and well formed, but toward the end it becomes soft and sticky, possibly followed by other soft and messy small turds, all leading to a long and unpleasant wiping process. No blood, no fat, no oiliness, no mucus. Just a half good half bad turd.

I don't even know what to call this and how to research it. It doesn't match any of the Bristol poop chart pictures because it's a mix of numbers 3 and 6, sort of. For a long time I thought of it as irritable bowel syndrome, but I don't feel like it's proper to call the sticky/soft ending of the poop diarrhea. And I also wouldn't call the four day delay in pooping constipation: I don't have any pain, fullness, or bloated feeling and it's not hard to pass the poop when it happens.

There are only two things that have improved this for me. One is that over the years I've noticed that when I'm travelling things often improve, meaning I poop more often and they are more consistently solid. There is less sudden urgency to poop, and there is less sticky mess. It doesn't happen every time I travel, but I've noticed the pattern. I told this to one doctor and he just smiled and said I was the only patient he ever talked to where traveling improves their digestive process. His amusement did nothing for my condition.

The second thing that helped, which is like a big clue that I haven't been able to make sense of, is that in the past year I was put on the steroid prednisone, starting at 40 mg and later changing to 20mg, for an inflammatory condition in my heart, and all of my poops became perfect within a few weeks of starting it, and stayed that way until I reduced to 10 mg prednisone. When I say perfect, I mean they were like a one and a half on the Bristol chart -- hard, medium sized balls, or clumps of balls, with nothing to see on the toilet paper except a few drops of water. And they happened every day (or even multiple times a day) without the urgency, just a vague sense of, "yeah, I think I could probably poop now."

I won't go into the specifics of the heart condition here except to say that when I look up connections between inflammation and pooping, it all leads to inflammatory bowel disease, meaning Crohn's or Ulcerative colitis, and the more I read about those the more I feel I don't have them. The symptoms they list are diarrhea, rectal bleeding, abdominal pain, fatigue, and weight loss. I have none of those.

When I told my primary care doctor about this change earlier this year, he said it wasn't the steroids but just that I had been exercising more and eating more fruit. That's maybe possible because I had been eating more fruit because of fears of gaining weight on the prednisone, and I had been walking more related to the heart condition. However, there were definitely periods this year while on the higher dose prednisone when I was not eating much fruit, and not walking much, and still had good poops. And now that I'm on 10 mg prednisone I'm still eating fruit and exercising, and having the bad poops. The return to this sorry state really seems to have coincided with the drop from 20 to 10 mg prednisone.

Just to anticipate some possible suggestions: At various times in my life I've tried: less water, more water, much more water, high fiber foods, super high fiber foods, no high fiber foods, psyllium supplements, soluble fiber supplements, no cheese, lots of cheese, cranberry juice, eating more, eating less, not eating dinner, not eating breakfast, exercising a lot, exercising a little, raisin bran, prune juice, glycerin suppositories, omnivore diet, vegetarian diet, vegan diet, various anti-depressants (both tricyclics and SSRIs), various anti-anxiety medications. None of it made much difference in the poop department. Raisin bran, lots of broccoli, and non-soluble fiber supplements all made me gassy, but once the gas was past, no poop was to be seen except on the regular four day schedule. Well, I should say I took a supplement called "Steel Stool" and that actually did give me a faster need to poop, but it was all Bristol type 6. Steel stool my ass.

I feel there was something special about the higher-dose prednisone. And of course if there was it's sad because you can't take predisone long term.

Any theories?

&amp;#x200B;