Extreme fatigue ruining life
I know this is a very difficult thing to pinpoint but as with many on here, I have seen countless doctors and they don’t seem at all interested in helping. So I am looking for any ideas of things I could research into or treatments I could do that I could help myself. 

26F, White Caucasian, normal BMI

For about 10 years I have been experiencing chronic exhaustion that is leaving me without a life. 

I used to be able to do everything normally with no issue. I experienced severe anorexia aged ~16, and my energy never came back despite ‘recovering’ around 1.5 years later. 

I am just about holding a job, but it takes all of my energy. Afterwards I just go to bed and do the next day. I take a lot of sick days to recover. My partner cooks and cleans because I have no energy to do it after a day of work. My weekends are spent recovering. I have no social life. 

The exhaustion is like being hit by a truck after running a marathon, something I really can’t describe in normal ‘tired’ terms. It gets worse if I do too much, especially physically, and too much physical activity makes my whole body ache. 

Doctors have done blood tests and because everything came back normal (a couple of times), so they decided to diagnose me with ME/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and ever since no doctor has tried to help me further with improving my quality of life or looking for alternate possibilities. 

I had to fight for a sleep study, eventually they did do it but then managed to lose the results. I have a deviated septum so this could be something to look further into, but I am losing faith in doctors after losing a very important (to me) test result. 

I have considered it could be depression, but I am hesitant to go on antidepressants again after being left on them for years when and after I was being treated for the eating disorder. 

I am also fairly certain I have ADHD though do not have a diagnosis, I have heard this can cause fatigue. It just seems such a physical tiredness that it’s hard to believe it stems mentally. 

I am originally from the UK, and currently live in New Zealand, which has made it very hard to trace back test results etc from back home. I have to pay for medical expenses out of pocket here so am looking for the best avenues to go down, as I don’t have a whole lot of money or trust left in doctors, and am scared of wasting it. I just can’t really watch my life slip away like this much longer. 

Thank you for any help in advance.