I'm really ill and no one believes me. Chronic Nausea, bloating, diarrhea, pain, and dry heaving.
Apologies if this is all over the place. Its hard to keep my thoughts in order, Im sorry.

Background Info:

20F,  4'8, 240 lbs. Native American. This has been an ongoing, worsening issue since I was 16. 
I am diagnosed with IBS-M, migraines, asthma, anemia, psoriatic arthritis (as well as spreading psoriasis), PCOS, hybermobility, and acid reflux. I also have depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, PTSD, OCD, adhd, bipolar disorder.
I take Zofran 4mg, amitriptylin 40 mg, omeprazole 100 mg, sertraline 100 mg, olanzipine 5mg, albuterol sulfate 90 mg, symbicort unknown dosage, meclizine unknown dosage, ferrous sulfate/iron, IBGard unknown dosage, Loperamide 4 mg or more if needed.
I smoke weed and delta 8 for chronic pain, nausea, depression, and other ailments and also recreationally. (I already have my medical card as well)

My Issues:

As I stated above, this has been happening since I was 16. It has gotten progressively worse. It started out as occasional nausea with my migraines or if i moved a bit too much, a little too hard. I wrote it off as JUST migraines or anemia or something. As the months passed, my nausea kept getting worse. I started getting nauseous for no reason, I would have a gross feeling in my throat as if I was about to throw up. I knew it wasn't just anxiety because even after taking my anxiety and depression meds regularly, I would still feel sick. I lived off of OTC anti nausea meds like meclizine or emetrol. It wasnt until I was 18 that I finally got zofran.  While it didn't completely rid me of nausea, I could actually make it through a grocery trip. The only issue is, because I never got a diagnosis early on and they just didn't bother to look, my nausea spells only got worse. I sometimes have to take two or three Zofran to feel better. Though this is usually only when my spells are extremely bad. I'm talking, mouth watering, dry heaving if i move, can't open or close my eyes because of dizziness bad. I have one of these episodes at least once every week to two weeks. I go through a lot of Zofran which made my doctors suspicious that I was faking or just trying to get pills. I tried explaining several times that sometimes one Zofran just isn't enough. 

Well, a few month ago this year, I noticed it was worse than it ever was. I would wake up in the mornings, nauseous, having to poop really bad. So i would go use the bathroom, have diarrhea, and then end up dry heaving. The walk to my bed to the toilet is almost always excruciating and miserable because I'm choking down heaves and sometimes, vomit or acid. Every time i get the urge to poop, I get nauseous. I'm raked with constant waves of nausea until I take the chance to relieve myself or l wait it out. This could take up to an hour. Sometimes pooping doesn't even help. I'll still be nauseous and dry heaving afterwards. I've thrown up three times now because of this. Each time, my vomit was white, with jelly substances in it, like mucus. ( I also deal with chronic sinus infections and post nasal drip.) 

I thought that maybe it was just ibs but I also get nauseous just walking around. I get that feeling in my throat, my mouth salivates, and it gets harder to swallow. Just breathing in is enough to make me dry heave sometimes. My mom thought it would be diabetes so we tested my blood sugars a lot and there was no correlation. I tried the BRAT diet, I tried the raw diet, I tried an only liquid diet. I have even starved myself to the point of rapidly losing weight. Nothing makes it better. I ate fries and mashed potatoes because that's my safe food but even that made me feel ill after eating. I can't eat jello, I can't eat applesauce, I can't have just plain toast or crackers without my body making feel nauseous. If i eat, I feel sick, but if i don't, I also feel sick. I am constantly bloated and can get full off two bites. Just pressing on my stomach is painful. Left side, right side, it all hurts. I've given myself erythema ab igne from excessive heat pad use. I always have a pillow resting on my stomach to feel comfortable with the bloating. I take acetaminophen for the pain, as well.

I was in the midst of a weight loss journey when I noticed this, too. After every workout, I had to stop and hold myself back from vomiting. Even when I did less stressful exercise like using the treadmill for a gentle warmup. I was training in gymnastics and I was also a dancer. My improvement in these classes dropped significantly. I couldn't even finish a routine without feeling extremely nauseous. I eventually got taken out of both due to a knee injury that left me bedridden and in pain. It was then I noticed just how bad my condition was getting. Before, I would just deal with nausea because it was so infrequent and I could actually do stuff. When I finally got the OK for the light exercise, I focused on yoga to help with my knee and overall flexibility. I couldn't even do that. Certain positions made me dizzy and nauseous.

I've had a CT scan of my abdomen, as well as an endoscopy, colonoscopy, and a biopsy. All came back normal. Except every time I get blood drawn, there's indication of inflammation somewhere in my body. My doctors also try to send me to the next town over to get tests done there but I can't afford it. But none of my doctors seem to believe me. One even flat out told me they think I'm faking. Another one said they were 100% sure it was just anxiety. Even after I explained that I take my anxiety meds regularly and they help tremendously with that. I don't need a higher dosage or anything.


I should mention that I often have yellow or green loose stools as well. There have been times there was blood but It could've been hemorrhoids or fissures.

I'm truly at a loss for words because I have this disability that prevents me from living a normal life but i don't even know what it is! I'm drained physically and mentally. I stay in bed all day because moving makes me miserable. My doctors don't believe me, my dad doesn't even believe me. He thinks I'm lazy and don't wanna do anything. I don't know what to do anymore. Am I really just making it up? I mean, if something was ACTUALLY wrong with me, it would've shown up on the scans. So I don't understand why I'm always ill like this. There is no medical reason I should be feeling sick. Is there anything that sounds like this? I can't even see the GI specialist because I can't afford to drive out of town for appointments every month or so. I'm in the dark and no one wants to help guide me to safety. I just want to feel normal again.