Presumptive Positive Covid test, 4 year girl.
My 4 year old daughter had a PCR test come back as a presumptive positive. She has been sick for 2+ weeks along with her 2 year old sister. My husband (fully vaccinated, my 11 yr son (1 dose of Pfizer) and I (fully vaccinated, healthcare worker) have not shown any symptoms. My 2 year old (we will call her G) started to show URI symptoms around 11/14. I took G into ER on 11/16 because she spiked a fever of 105 and I couldn’t get it down. G was tested for Flu, Covid and RSV. RSV was positive and flu and Covid were negative. She was placed on amoxicillin for an ear infection but sent home. 4 year old (we’ll call her M) started showing upper respiratory symptoms on 11/17. I consulted with my family doctor who advised against testing due to sister having same symptoms and we moved forward with the assumption that M also had RSV. On 11/22, M woke up that morning complaining of her ear hurting. She was taken to her pediatrician where they ran a rapid Covid which was negative and M was found to also have an ear infection and placed on an antibiotic. From 11/22 to 11/28, both G and M were improving daily in their symptoms. On the night of 11/28, both G and M seemed to be very tired and rosy cheeked-they had had a sleepover at Grandmas house and had been up later than usual the night before and no naps that day. On 11/29, M went to school and my husband got a call to pick her up early due to a “fever”-which ended up being 100.0 but M never showed a fever on our home thermometers. I contacted pediatrician for Covid testing to cover all our bases. M was tested on 11/29 and results came in 11/30 showing a presumptive positive. My husband, son, G and I all had PCRs done today pending results. Should I push to have M retested? I spent 30+ mins on the phone with our local hospital systems COVID nurse who told me that we could be on the end of the infection or the up and up. I want to do the right thing and not expose others unnecessarily but also need to be mindful of the financial implications of a Covid infection. My husband just started a new well paying full time job after working very part time for the last year. Any advice would be appreciated.