[70 | F] Leg Edema - Zaroxolyn/Metolazone &amp; Benazepril Combo Substitute in Europe
Age: 70

Sex: Female

Height: 165 cm

Weight: 104 kg

Race: white, non-hispanic

Duration of complaint: going on 4 weeks

Location: Currently - Europe

Any existing relevant medical issues: hypertension, rheumatoid arthritis, anemia

Current (relevant) medications: Lisinopril Hydrochlorothiazide 20/25mg and Furosemide 40 mg -- other medications are not relevant to this condition and would rather discuss privately if possible.

Include a photo if relevant: https://imgur.com/a/s7UQzwc

Hello: Am encountering an issue with my mother visiting from the United States. Mom had renal issues previously and function has returned to 70%+ whereas the low was 30% at one point.

At the moment, however, is experiencing severe edema in feet, ankle, lower leg. (Worth mentioning: Mom had two total knee replacement surgeries within 7 months.) Previously when Mom had issue of edema, she was not cleared to fly medically; Mom wishes to go back to the United States in time for Christmas
Mom is prescribed Lisinopril/Hydrochlorothiazide 20mg/25mg (1 x daily) with Furosemide 40 mg (just increased to 3 x daily.) 

It is not helping.

When this issue of edema occurred previously, family doctor/nephrologist told to discontinue the Lisinopril Hydrochlorothiazide and Furosemide and switch to: Metolazone 5 mg (1 x daily for 1 week, then 1 tab. three times a week) along with Benazepril 40 mg (1 x daily). Was told is absolutely needed Furosemide could be introduced, but the two medications seemed to clear up the issue within 2 weeks or so. (When pressing with thumb, pitting is not occurring -- skin is rebounding immediately.) 

The issue? In Europe cannot find Zaroxolyn/Metolazone or same formulary unless I am missing it. With Benazepril, I was able to find a drug under the name of Lotensin.
Is there any advice on a substitute medication/combination to combat this bout of leg edema? 

Non important information, but including —
I have been wrapping my mom's legs until she could not take it anymore (in beginning with vinegar) and have been massaging the legs with a medicated lotion starting from the foot to ankle to leg and pushing gently upward to help with pain and hope to relieve Mom of this issue. Of course, worth mentioning, Mom has been sleeping with legs elevated.

This time the edema seems to not be letting up and am at a loss as to what to do. The doctors here are being helpful and are trying to treat it, but seeing that this is a fresh relationship the simple increase of furosemide is simply not enough, I think there needs to be a change as there was previously in meds.

Very grateful for any sort of help.