What are the chances a metal screw tore something on its way out of my body?
32F, 5’9, currently 212 pounds but usually 160 (I have gained insane amount of weight in the last six months).

In July 2020 I accidentally ingested a screw that was in my food. I did not go to the ER or anything because I thought it would come out. I started having really bad constipation issues after that and abdominal pain as well as a lump in my back. I went to the doctor and she just told me to take MiraLAX and I got an MRI with contrast of my spine for the lump in my back. I did not tell her about the screw because I was embarrassed.

The night after the MRI I had horrific abdominal pain. Like the worst I’ve ever had in my life and I shit my pants. After I had diarrhea it still felt like something was stuck inside my abdomen.

The next day I developed stabbing upper back pain between my shoulder blades and epigastric area when I ate. That lasted about 10 months and has  progressed to feeling like there is a stretchy noodle in my back. I actually have zero pain now, it just feels like there’s a thin membrane floating around in my back. 

I also have syncope and vomiting. I probably vomit Every other day now. And I am bedbound because sitting up and walking around makes me feel like I’m going to pass out. 

I was diagnosed with POTS but I do not think that fits with the stretchy facia feeling in my back and feeling like my back muscles have atrophied. I actually cannot stretch the left side of my back because it is so stretched out. I feel no resistance.

I’ve had two endoscopies. The first didn’t find anything except bile in my stomach a long time after eating. The second just found many linear erosions. I also feel tremendous pressure in my upper back and a balloon-like sensation in my left shoulder blade. 

I don’t have acid reflux, a hiatal hernia or anything wrong with my gallbladder that tests can see. 

Did I injure myself? I honestly forgot about the screw before I got the MRI and I didn’t think that it was causing all my issues. I have gotten CT scans since and nothing shows up. But I know something is very wrong since my blood pressure is wacky, I am passing out and vomiting, I have ridiculous constipation and I got pneumonia twice.

Please help.