Is there a nephrologist/urologist? Need help, severe stress and mental health crisis over what I believe is nothing actually wrong with my physical health. Forgive me dearly for this but I wouldn't make the post if I really didn't need it.
**Currently under the care of a psychiatrist, therapist who have deemed me safe at home so long as I am watched for now.**

**I know this is stupid, but please, someone's input on this would mean the world to me at this moment.**

28, Male, 170lbs, 5'9"

Current Diagnoses:

- CIPD
- Anxiety
- Depression

I was on IVIG for CIPD for a year and towards the end started getting back pain and headaches.  I could not afford to see the doctor who had originally ordered the medication for me.  So I called the pharmacy and stopped the treatment.  During treatment I probably could have been hydrating better, was drinking energy drinks, and was undergoing extreme stress from job loss, loss of my mother, and moving to a new apartment because our brand new condo's plumbing broke and we had to be transferred to a new unit.  All of that burned me out beyond belief, way beyond burnout.  

Since then (for three months), I've been having these back pains and headaches that started during the last two IVIG infusions and am convinced that my Kidneys have been damaged.  Symptoms have been relatively consistent and I have never had them before.  For the whole first year of IVIG it was fine.  I was on 30g Gammunex-C every week, a high dose.  Again, we have stopped the treatments three months ago.

I have had a 24 hour urine protein test done and did the test perfectly.  My urine protein was at 150mg (should not be above 150mg) for the 24 hours.  

My urine is abnormally foamy and at first I thought I was just imagining things, but it keeps getting foamier and sometimes has multiple layers and fills up the whole toilet.  

All other kidney tests are within range (urinalysis, blood renal panel).  

I am waiting to revisit nephrology but they have me at two months from now.  

Talk some sense into me: this has to be due to unexpected stress from life events during the high dosage IVIG, and inability to calm down.  

My kidney tests are all pretty much within range but my headaches and back pains (mostly mid-upper back, sometimes lower) persist.  

I've got myself convinced that my kidneys are in danger and now I've planned my suicide over and over and the more I think about it, the more I'm panicking, during sleep, during the day, all day.  I cannot turn off the fight or flight.  The only think giving me some sense of stability is Ativan prescribed by psychiatrist, she has told me my kidneys are fine.  

I've become paranoid and don't want to take medicine for fear of hurting my kidneys (I know this looks insane) and yet I know the intense, intense panic and stress is not good for my body either.  

I'm being watched 24/7 by my significant other (by order of psychiatrist) who works at home and has control over my medication at the moment, but we're ready to go to the hospital if need be.  

I feel like I've finally made a permanent life mistake by drinking the energy drinks during IVIG treatment and stressing myself out, and now I'll have a new, huge health issue for life (kidneys) on top of the issues I've had with CIPD which have been a nightmare.  

I'm sorry for the length.  Sorry for the desperate anxiousness of this all.

This has to just be a huge mental health crisis that's really due to the loss of my mom, job, and some life turmoil.  Some proteinuria has to simply be due to extreme extreme stress.  And too much reading on the internet.

Psychiatrist has prescribed me Ativan as needed 1mg up to three times a day, and Celexa as well (don't remember dosage) but I'm too afraid to take them because my urine will get foamier and I'll cause a chronic health issue!  God damn, I've lost it!

I've continuously planned my suicide over and over and am now doing Ketamine treatments at a Ketamine infusion clinic as recommended by my Psychiatrist.  I'm responding to some degree, the day of, I'm calm, suicidal ideation stops, but the next day it starts all over.  I'm on my fourth treatment. 

And of course, I'm concerned all this medication is going to sabotage my kidneys and this is it, I've fucked up, I have to carry out my suicide plan.  Which further, further instills the extreme panic, which further (in my mind's eye) damages my kidneys.....

I may end up doing an inpatient stay soon.   

***But I need to hear it, my kidney tests must be fine right?  No damage likely?  And if I take the medications prescribed, calm down, the proteinuria will return to normal and the abnormal foam will go away?***

I feel like an absolute idiot posting this, I can see the health professionals shaking their heads reading this (if anyone reads it) but when I'm seriously, seriously considering ending my life and have a workable plan in place, I need to ask because I cannot drop this (**it's been three months!**) until I hear that my kidneys are ok!

I feel like I can't get better until I know that my kidneys are ok.  And they will return to normal and this is all just stress.  Please, can someone assure me of that?  

I have all the safeguards in place, psychiatrist, family watching me 24*7 by order of psychiatrist, and am willing to go to the hospital before doing anything to hurt myself, I am just so scared.  Even Ativan and Ketamine treatments are not helping me with this fear that I've damaged my body and will have lifelong issues.  I'm not usually a huge hypochondriac, but this is insane!

If I had kidney disease I could never come back from that.  

Man this post sounds so ridiculous but I just need to hear it from someone who knows.

I can't tell you how sorry I am if you had to read this, but I just need to hear that my kidneys are fine, or I can't snap out of this.