Should I go to ER? Coughing up blood
Hi everyone, I don’t have many medical professional friends in my circle, so I thought I would reach out to you all.

Background, I’m a male, 28, and 225. Other than being overweight, I’ve been a generally healthy individual.

I’m just getting over a rough week-long battle with the flu. I went to the doc a few days, and they said ride it out, drink plenty of fluids, and I’ll be feeling better in a few days. At the worst part, I had a temp of 102, and felt like crap lol! Fast forward to two days ago. That evening I came down with the worst sinus headache, it was debilitating. It carried through the night into the morning and I had to take off work in the morning it was so bad. After resting upright, taking some Sudafed and Advil, I felt good enough to go to work. Pain returned that evening, so I took another dose of Sudafed, used a nettipot, applied hot steamy rags to my face, and felt almost back to normal after that.

This was all last night. Before heading to bed, I did take a dose of Mucinex Night Shift, as I’m still getting over the flu and nights are rough. Not long after I felt I needed to “snort and cough” a good amount of mucus, which has been the norm with this flu. I was surprised to see what I coughed up was a decent amount of blood. Some of what I coughed up was bright and clear red, some of solid yellowish phlegm, and some dark red chunks. Obviously, I was a little concerned I did a quick Google search and saw multiple article saying coughing up blood in your mucus isn’t that serious if it isn’t prolonged.

So I went to sleep and woke up this morning with a bad headache, but it felt a little different than the sinus headaches. I can’t put my finger on how. This morning I did snort and cough more bloody phlegm, obviously it’s darker, nothing looks bright red and “fresh”. But after doing some Googling, I was beginning to worry if this might be some sort of blood clot (the dark red chucks in the first cough up) or they might be pooling of blood in the sinus cavity. I’m setting up an appointment with a regular doctor later this week, but wanted to know if this would warrant a visit to the ER. I still have a headache, lots of pressure behind my left eye and forehead, plus I have the taste and smell of blood in my mouth and nose. I’ll provide pictures via Imgur. Thanks for your time!

https://imgur.com/a/HlMmSs7