Normal Sats, Blood Pressure, and Normal EKG, but increased PVC’s. Is this a concern?
28 M in the US, 6’1” 205 lbs. Non-Smoker, 1-2 drinks daily, exercise frequently, non-smoker. Medical history of IBS and likely GERD, anxiety, and depression. A brief background:

I’ve had a sinus arrhythmia since age 8, diagnosed on an ekg following an increase in symptoms from Adderall and Paxil. Since then, my heart rate has always tended towards bradycardia (50-60 bpm at rest). I’d also have a PVC here and there, maybe once a week or so if I remember correctly. 

Since I had COVID on New Years this year, however, that has changed. 

My first new symptom (post-COVID) was a bit of lightheadedness periodically. It’s rare enough that I figured it’s livable. Then, I noticed my resting heart rate has lost about 5 bpm from its previous level (45-55bpm at resting now). Following my second Pfizer vaccine in April I started having frequent PVCs and PACs, with the first week having maybe 30-50 a day. It eased up prior to getting tested, but regardless we ordered an Echocardiogram, new EKG, an event monitor and a holster monitor, all of which came back within normal limits, aside from showing Sinus Arrhythmia, some Brady moments, and the occasional PVC. Overall, my health seemed to be improving. 

I’d gotten back to the gym about two months ago and have been at it consistently. However, this past month mid workout I started having several PVCs so I called it a day and went home. Since then, I’ve had about 15-20 a day, usually more in the mornings than at night, and increased by eating or using the restroom. They’re also more likely to happen AFTER I stimulate my vagus nerve, occurring maybe once or twice in the minute after. 

Despite all of this, my heart rate is WNL, blood pressure is normal, my at home ECG detects no abnormalities aside from sinus arrhythmia with occasional ECGs, but it’s definitely uncomfortable and frustrating. I get some chest discomfort from time to time, but again I’m relatively confident I have GERD and know I have IBS, and usually burp or pass gas with that discomfort. 

Are these PVCs something to be concerned about? Did I just overwork myself and need to take time to let my systems rest, as if it’s some sort of COVID longhaul flare?

Any advice or feedback is appreciated!