My uvula disappeared?
So, I have been battling a pretty bad throat infection since Wednesday. About 4 days. I went to a Minute Clinic and Urgent Care, but no one could seem to tell me if it was strep, tonsillitis, or viral tonsillitis. At the Minute Clinic on Friday, they tested for strep twice, and it came back negative. Which was weird because I had very similar symptoms, white blotches, swollen tonsils and uvula, sore throat, and difficulty swallowing.

I made another appointment with the CVS Minute Clinic to get tested for other things like possible STDs or mono, but they cancelled my appointment last night. I woke up today (Saturday) barely being able to swallow, and in intense throat pain, so I went to Urgent Care. They said that my tonsils were smothering my uvula and due to other symptoms, they told me to go to the ER cause it might be an abscess in my throat that could eventually restrict my breathing and kill me. :(

Went to the ER, got examined by a PA, and he pretty much said it's a REALLY REALLY bad case of strep (probably cause I waited 4 days to get it treated because no one knew what it was XD), they gave me two shots (one in the arm and one near the upper part of my butt). I took a dose of amoxicillin, and some advil and I feel on cloud 9 compared to where I was this morning. Still having some difficulty swallowing though, so I looked down my throat again...and I can't see my uvula!? Where did it go? I went to Google, and it seems the only thing I found was about uvulas falling off!

[https://imgur.com/a/BNVqjrJ](https://imgur.com/a/BNVqjrJ)

It's hard to take a really good picture of the back of my throat, but normally my uvula hangs straight down the back of my throat. Now it isn't? I'm sure if it fell off, I would have noticed? Like I doubt I'd swallow something like that without being aware. Since it was smushed and attached to my tonsils during the height of my infection, I assumed maybe it was connected to one of my tonsils, but now, I don't think it is? Where did it go? Is it hidden under all that gunk? Did it recede further in my throat? Will it go back to normal once I finish my treatment?

27M, 5'8, 185-187 lbs, Can't Find My Uvula, 4 to 6 hours since treatment for throat infection began, currently have a throat infection, got 2 shots at the ER (don't remember the name of them), took one dose of amoxicillin, and gargled with salt water twice, I drink occassionally, took one edible of 50 thc about 2 weeks ago but not a regular user, and I don't smoke.