pain in left testicle for weeks
Hey there! So I am pretty desperate.   
First of all I am a 28M. Im 5'11. I weight around 160 or so. I take Pantoprazole, and the occasional Ibuprofen and Robax for neck pain.  
So my left testicle started to ache for no apparent reasons. ( Although a few days before, I think I might've hurt it by sitting, i'm not sure how that happened, it did hurt alot for a few seconds but got better quickly after and i was fine for days after). Anyway, it started with these little electric shocks in my left testicle, and in the area above it in the lower abdomen. The pain was never very very intense, but I still went to the ER. I received an ultrasound and a urine test, all of which were apparently fine except for an hydrocele, which was according to them not an issue. I was told it was nothing serious, and the theory is testicular torsion was also excluded. As I was still hurting a week later or so, I went to see another doctor, who told me it probably was a swollen lymph node from a minor infection or something. He told me to come back if it was still there after another week. A went back a week later. Another doctor theorized it was an inguinal hernia, she then referred me to a surgeon specialized in hernia. About 3 weeks later I was able to meet the surgeon. he did not see any signs of a hernia.  


So this is where I am right now. I haven't been able to get another appointment since. The pain got better for a while, and came back later. Note that I am unable to get an appointment with my family doctor, as he drastically reduced his hours in preparation for retirement. I technically have a doctor, but I really don't. I've been trying to reach him for a few weeks  


The pain itself is hard to pinpoint. I feel it in the testicle itself (I noticed pain specifically as I touched the epididymis). I also often feel it above the testicle, in the lower abdomen. I also feel some pain in the area between the leg and the groin area. Sometimes its like small chocks every few seconds, but depending on the day it could also be a dull, burning sensation, with a feeling of pressure. it varies depending on the day, but it never really stopped. My pain seems to be doing better in the morning, and worsens in the evening. My leg position seems to have an effect on the pain too, but not always. Additionally, something new appeared last night. I feel some kind of pressure "behind the penis". I can pee and everything, but it feels strange. I don't know if it's related or not. I did not notice pain during ejaculation or while peeing.  


Also I don't know if it's related, but I've been experiencing heavy anxiety, accompanied with IBS-like symptoms for the last 2 years. It's been really affecting my school, my stress and my life in general, so I'm trying everything I can. I'm still trying to get an appointment, but I more or less lost faith.