Constant Tenesmus that is ruining my life
22M, 150 lbs, 5’ 11”, no medications or existing health conditions

For the past 2 weeks I have had constant feeling of needing to use the bathroom, even after completely emptying my bowels. It is my only symptom, no pain or anything like that, it just feels like something is pushing against my rectum all the time. Sometimes it’s better or worse, but it’s always there. 

What’s more is if I attempt to empty my bowels and strain a lot, I can see what appears to be something beginning to pop out. (Pictured.) I don’t do this a lot since I know straining is not good at all, but it feels like maybe that’s what causing the feeling. Is it possibly a hemorrhoid, or a collapsed part of my rectum???

I’ve already been to the ER, they performed a CT scan, some blood work, and a urine test. All came back clean so I know it’s not cancer or a blockage or anything (or so they tell me). But this was before I noticed the thing sticking out, and the nurse/doctor never took and actual look at my anus or anything. Just glanced at it for less than a second. And of course, during the 5 hours I was waiting for my CT scan I started to feel much much better, almost symptom free. So I thought/hoped I was overreacting and maybe it was getting better. They gave me some hemorrhoid suppositories in case that was causing it. 

Now, 4 days later it’s been much much worse and has been since the morning after the ER. I can’t work, I can barely eat, I can’t focus on anything else but this horrible feeling inside me. I know I should be grateful there’s no pain, but this feeling is unbearable and it’s making my life hell. I cry every night at this point and it’s triggering horrible relapses in my depression. I can’t live like this. 

I’ve been drinking water constantly, which seems to go right through me. And I’ve been eating more fibery food and walking as much as I can. I’ve been taking miralax and usually only have 1 proper BM a day in the morning, which is usually very soft and somewhat broken up. 

I’m sorry for such a long post but I’m trying to add as much context as I can. If anyone has any advise or help it would be so appreciated. I’m scared and worried but I know that will make it worse. Thank you for reading and I’m sorry for making you look at terrible pictures. 

[Butt Pictures](https://imgur.com/a/5kqSrpa)