Extreme Fatigue and Constantly Dismissed by GP
Age + Gender: 24F

Height: 5'2"

Weight: 90kg

Race: Caucasian

Existing issues: Charcot Marie Tooth 1A, anxiety, depression, CPTSD, recovered anorexia nervosa, asthma, ADHD, insomnia.

Current Meds: escitalopram 20mg, lamotrigine 125mg, vyvanse 50mg (all daily)

Social drinker and occasional marijuana use.

Current issues:

I am located in BC, Canada.

Over the past - I would say - 3-6 months, my fatigue has gotten unmanageable. I do not wake up refreshed, even if I take zopiclone or trazadone. I have an extremely hard time falling asleep. I finish my day job and have no room to do anything other than exist. Sometimes I feel so exhausted that it hurts to breathe. I had to call in sick the other day because my brain just wasn't functioning. I daydream about just bashing my head into something just to get a *break*. I tried to raise this with my GP and he simply told me that it sounded like anxiety and refused to investigate. When I tried to further explain that this does *not* feel like mental health and what options we had to investigate, he essentially said "sounds like it to me" and hung up. I can't just go get another GP, because there is an extreme shortage here. I had blood work done recently. I don't know what all they tested for, but the main thing that came back was an ANA (?) abnormality and vit D deficiency (I take vitamin D daily).

I spoke to a rheumatologist about the abnormality, and they think it is a false positive, but are sending me for hip x-rays. My resting heart rate is also 110+. It can be 130 right before bed, and this has been the case since I was about 16. I went to a cardiologist and had a stress test done as I have an extensive family history of heart disease and blood clots etch (my maternal grandfather has had two heart surgeries, and my maternal great grandfather had ten different pacemakers). It was clean and he basically told me it's anxiety again, due to my age. I've had sleep apnea tests and they've all been clear.

My joints/muscles/nerves ache all the time. I have a headache. I feel like my vision/general brain capacity is swimming. I want to pass out, throw up, get hit by a bus, or maybe all three. This is affecting my life. I am a paralegal and I recently got a letter of discipline for a stupid mistake I made because I was tired.

Basically, I don't know what to do or where to go from here, because I continually get dismissed by my GP and other health professionals (the cardiologist I spoke to flat out told me I was "too young" to have heart troubles, despite my extensive family history of same). 

If anyone has any idea of what I could do, where I could go, what might help, I would truly appreciate it, because I am running out of ideas. I have more details, if needed, but I didn't want to be writing anyone a novel. If you got to the end of this post, thank you!