I'm [28M] having testicular concerns and I feel like I'm not being taken seriously. Please help.
I am a 28 year old heterosexual male; I've had the same sexual/life partner for the past 5 years. We are sexually active at least twice a month (used to be more, but the problems I will highlight later in the post kind of made this figure dwindle). That being said, sometimes I do enjoy some me time and masturbate to relieve stress or if she's not in the mood at the moment. Also, I live in British Columbia, Canada. I am an animator and normally sit for long periods of time.

About a year ago I was masturbating and while I was doing so I noticed my left testicle was in a different position than usual (closer to the body, maybe angled upwards). I paid it no mind, but when I ejaculated the testicle climbed up and lodged itself at the base of the penis.

I panicked and pushed it down; both the testicle climbing up and the pushing down caused me pain and a very uncomfortable sensation in the groin. There was also the feeling of being betrayed by my own body and of annoyance at not heeding when I noticed that the testicle was sitting in a weird position before ejaculation.

I had the weird feeling throughout the day, and later on I told my partner about it and we kind of nervously laughed it off. We ended up having sex that night, which I am still not sure if it was a wise decision, but it happened. Only uncomfortable feeling and no pain, if I recall correctly.

Reasonably, I was scared to masturbate after this, and I didn't touch myself for at least two months after the incident. We still had sex every now and then, though not as often, due both to my testicle feeling weird and to life becoming busier and more stressful in the midst of the pandemic. Pain wise, it was uncomfortable to sit for long, and I noticed that my testicles seemed to be arranged in a different way than before, with the left one hanging out more towards the back, and the right one overtaking most of the sack. This is most visible when the penis is pulled up or when I have an erection.

I also noticed an odd mass of sorts at the bottom of the left testicle. I seem to recall having noticed it before this incident, but I definitely became more aware of it after it. It is soft and kind of mushy, and it is easily movable. It is not possible to see or feel it when the testicles come up when it's cold, only when they're relaxed and hanging out.

Still, the mass scared me, so I went to the doctor, and after touching and feeling my testicles she said that everything felt normal and that I shouldn't be concerned. She explained the issue of the testicle climbing up as a result of recent weight loss I had experienced (probably; I changed my diet a few months before this incident and as a result I lost some significant weight, though nothing extreme. Maybe lost 5-10 kg. in a period of 3 months), and suggested to maybe put a finger around the groin area before ejaculating to prevent the testicle from climbing up again.

Anyway. Months passed. Slowly my testicles started to feel better, and because I was trying not to overthink the whole situation, I don't have a clear timeline of how things developed, but I know that in spite of my testicles definitely feeling out of place (as mentioned before) and aside from that weird soft mass at the bottom of the left testicle, I started to feel better.

It was no longer uncomfortable to sit for long and things felt somewhat normal. I did have other health issues during this time, but they have to do with overworking my arms, and so are not relevant to this post.

My guess is that this period of relative normalcy (with its constant stress and checking my testicles with a mirror whenever things felt slightly off) started around March 2021. Maybe. Again, I am not super sure of the timeline. The thing is, around a month and a half ago I got up after having been sitting down for a few hours and I felt a pang of pain in the testicle. I was concerned and so I raced to the bathroom and I freaked out because my left testicle was standing completely vertical, which I know they're not really supposed to do. There wasn't really any pain yet, but I felt around and realised also that the mass at the bottom of the testicle felt bigger, though still soft and movable.

I took a warm shower and things went back to the new normal, but a day later I started feeling pain constantly, a dull ache in the groin area. Later I started feeling pain in my lower abdomen, which subsided after a week or so.

*(Half my post got deleted while editing, so I am rewriting the second half, though it might be diff than original)*

I called a different doctor (phone appointment) and told him my problems, also that the cremaster muscle seemed to work fine and that there was no blood in semen or urine, and he ordered to have some tests done: urine, blood and a scrotal ultrasound. The tests took a couple of weeks to arrange, but after the doctor received the results he said there was nothing wrong: no masses in the scrotum or testicles, no STD's, nothing of concern in blood or urine. Which is a relief, but it is strange because, then, why am I in pain?

I voiced this concern in the phone call with the doctor and he said that if I was unsatisfied I could ask for a second opinion. He also said he'd refer me to a urologist just in case. I replied with thanks regarding the urologist, but said that it was not dissatisfaction, rather confusion and concern as to why was I in pain if everything was a-ok.

A week later (last week) me and my gf were having sex and I noticed that my testicle felt in the same or similar angle as it had when this all started, a year before, sort of angled weirdly and close to my body. Being scared about hurting myself more, I lost my erection. She understood, of course, and encouraged me to go to the doctor again.

This time (today) I went in person so that he could have a direct look at my testes. He felt around the groin area and the testicles themselves, and said everything felt normal. He could not see the odd way in which they sit when relaxed (because they were close to the body due to the cold), nor could he feel the soft mass at the bottom of the left testicle.

I asked if it could be a muscle sprain, or a varicocele, or something, and he replied that it could be a neuropathy, and that he had had no reason to order a doppler ultrasound to check for varicoceles. He also said that I should probably just wait it out and it would get better.

Problem is, I have waited it out. For a year. The problem never truly got fixed and even though I was painless for a few months, the uncomfortable feeling and pain came back. The testes still seem to be misaligned, and the soft mass at the bottom of the testicle is still there, albeit it is no longer inflamed.

I feel like my issues are not being taken seriously since they are not life-threatening, and I feel frustrated and scared, and concerned that I won't be able to enjoy my sexuality or my body like I used to before.

If you have any input or an opinion regarding this topic, I would be really grateful to hear it out. Thanks so much for reading.