Considering career change to engineering, looking for advice ?
Hello. 

Let me preface with noting that my below words are meant NOT to be arrogant or boasting. I’m a pretty laid back, non-egotistical person so please do not take my words as such. I prefer clarity and I know from past interactions, my words can be construed as such. My apologies if that happens.

To start off…I am in my early 40’s and currently work FT as a very well compensated corporate aircraft technical manager, corporate jet pilot &amp; own 2 PT side businesses. I net roughly $350k annually with full benefits, PTO, etc. I’ve got 23+ years solid aviation skill set, my peers come to me quite often for help, I constantly receive accolades from manager/supervisor and never had to worry about a paycheck. I’ve worked very hard to be where I am. I’ve done this with only a HS diploma, 4 years USAF working aircraft and misc online courses coupled with never ending thirst for reading everything technical and love learning new things. It’s extraordinary that in the USA, my status was achievable without any formal higher education. 

With that said, my position/s are somewhat satisfying but my career moves now are fairly lateral as in there’s not much more I can achieve in the technical side of aviation. I could spend my life flying the atmosphere of earth in a biz jet but that excitement has wained with it becoming a “daily grind” feel to it. The composite of FT &amp; PT companies takes a tremendous amount of my time and I’m looking for a single job to replace all of them down the road in 10 years. I could make a job move but my feelings on it are not exciting. Sure, I’m paid well, own my own home, cars, have $$ in the bank, investments, yada yada but I guess I’m looking for something more. Something to get me excited to skip sleep and jump out of bed everyday like aviation used to. 

After my long winded blabbing, I’m getting to the point. I’ve always had a great respect for engineers/engineering and have pondered what if I went to college instead of the path I chose. I love everything space. Rockets, travel, spacecraft, satellite systems, you name it, it’s cool to me. 

Ive done some homework on the issue of going to college at 43 and have concerns with logistics of it as well which area to pursue. I’m hyper aware of the need for extensive mathematics skills and do “okay” with math but would need to essentially restart from algebra. My point is I’m not sure that I want to be a full-blown engineer in designing systems or widgets. I think from what I’ve seen I am rather interested in aerospace systems engineering. However, I can only find limited information on this area, estimated pay with experience and places to work. From what I’ve seen, it seems that “real engineers” laugh at system engineering because it’s more of a big picture job and not a roll up your sleeves and build something job. Is this true? I really would like input from this group. 

I’m not ready to make the leap yet but likely within 6 to 8 months I will do something. Just looking for help. Any info is greatly appreciated!