Senior Engineers who have found fulfilling part-time gigs?
(xpost from a more specific to computer engineering type sub, but curious on other engineering disciplines)

To the point: How many senior folks here have semi-retired and have found "fulfilling" part-time gigs related to their field? How do you deal with "inadequacy" in terms of not wanting to keep progressing in your career?

I've been in general tech industry for years now and am Senior level, but never quite pushed up to Principal/Director. Despite being a competitive person, I honestly never had the desire as usually those levels require a managerial track or involve corporate politics which I abhor. Also while I'm technically competent, I'm not "that" good to where I'd be moving industry or filing patents every year, and I've bounced between specialties to be more general purpose. I've been working towards FIRE and my investments have been doing very well to the point where I'm contemplating quitting after have hitting my number. I don't need to make or save as much money anymore.

I don't want to quit completely and it's hard to "coast" in my current role. The latter because I feel like I need to support my team, and doing a half ass job wouldn't be fair to them as I'm Senior, so I continue to give it my all. Ideally, I'd like to work 6 months a year, taking summer and fall off. And I'd like to just keep coding and doing low level technical work as I'd still enjoy it for the problem solving aspect. I want to be free from the pressures of feeling the need of "doing more" outside my scope, naturally work past 40 hours a week, think of work problems constantly, etc.

In terms of contracting, I'm not sure how appealing this is. Mostly because I've seen the work contractors get and it can be pretty brain dead. This may not be a fair as why would a company give "contractors" the most stimulating work when it should rightfully go to the full time employees? Jumping in and out every 6 months as well takes too much time to also ramp up on the architectural aspects of how stuff has evolved for a project/program.

In terms of consulting, that sounds so sexy like "freelancing" but jesus, have no idea what this would entail for me. Why anyone would pay to listen to what I have to say in terms of how to do their project?
Still mulling over approaching my current employer with this kinda 6 month deal, as I know of no one else doing something similar in the entire company (think tech overlord level). It wouldn't be as simple as say "halve my base salary" as there are benefits and perks to consider.