[AU] Should I speak about getting and updated contract
Hey there
I'm a 24F kitchen utility worker in Australia Queensland and I have recently been thinking about my employment details and I don't know of it sounds right compared to my responsibilities and workload 

So I should probably start if with saying that I work at a non corporate upscale restaurant where the owner is the current manager and the owner mum is a partial owner and the accountant of the restaurant and responsible for payslip and all of our weekly pays. I have been employed with them for over a year but I was original hired as casual waitress and have switched between junior supervisor to shift manager and now to kitchen hand. I was also original told that I would be give a Max of about 20 hours a week when signing on my original contract. However since my about third week of working when I was asked to step up as a junior supervisor due to my previous experience with catering and bartending due to the fact our restaurant with also host function simultaneously and they had a high turn over rate. I have never had a week with less than 30 hours on really slow week and any time off request denied due to them constantly stating even if it was approved they would expect me to come in the moment they call and despite constantly taking on longer shifts and more responsibility the other managers and owner would still treat me like a waitress and overstep me even when they had said they wanted me to run certain sections and then leave me stranded with a mess to sort out. Due to constantly being expected to take on more while being micromanage and any requests for extra time.off denied I started to wear down more easily and pur chef who noticed the change ended up offering me to come work in the kitchen and take a step back in responsibility which I agreed to. At first it was a slow transition once I got approval and was expected to still fill in front of house at first. How ever the job change was what I need even though my hours never have changed from a minimum of 45 a week. I am not complainh about those but I noticed on my payslip it said I was still a casual waitress and I once was told by a business owner that if you work domewhere over a year or over a certain amount of hour you need to be at least part time. And I have never resigned a contract.

I was just wondering if there is any legal worries I should have and have more push to get it corrected