[MA] It feels like my boss is setting unrealistic expectations so that when I inevitably fail to meet them, she can fire me with justification
I started a new job in late September working with a hospital as a research ethicist who cross-checks studies and double checks them for minor errors, inconsistencies, and breaches of regulation. Then I organize meetings to discuss these studies with board members to either approve or deny the study.

For a while, I was shadowing a co-worker who has only been working in the position for less than a year. However, my boss has a lot of trust in the co-worker I was shadowing, so she told the co-worker to train me. This co-worker certainly did her best, but it feels like I am now expected by my boss to have been trained on things that don't seem to have been covered during my time shadowing the co-worker.

Now, I am working one-on-one with my boss. During my time training with my boss, I made several mistakes (Ex: forgetting to send an important email, not knowing how to use our office electronic system properly, etc.). It feels like my boss is now holding this against me and has come to dislike me. I am a diligent worker, albeit a slow learner. My boss has started pushing me to get better (which is understandable). However, I was especially clear in my interview that I would likely need extra time to ask questions and learn. They acknowledged this and still hired me.

However, my boss is extremely critical of me. Even when I am submitting work that I was especially meticulous, careful, and diligent with, she manages to find something wrong with it. We once spent an hour arguing about the proper grammar of a sentence. I feel like no matter how hard I work, she is still extremely disdainful of me and seems to want me to fail. Even when I do things 100% right, I receive no praise or thanks for learning and improving.

The institution I work at has a "trial period" (formally known as a probationary period) of 3 months to see if the position is a right fit. My boss ended this trial period early at the 2 month mark and told me that my performance is unsatisfactory and if I do not make immediate and consistent improvements, I will be fired. She then extended the probationary period by 3 weeks.

First of all, I am furious. This feels far more personal than professional, as I have always tried to ask questions and learn from my mistakes and get better. However, I don't feel like I can learn under my boss because she now refuses to answer my questions or help me improve. Second of all, I am extremely concerned about my job security.

I have tried asking my boss to be more patient with me. This has prompted anger and frustration from her. I have tried asking my co-workers on advice on how to work with my boss, but they all tell me that "she's just like that" and I need to learn to deal with how critical she is. I have tried asking my other supervisor, who works in tandem with my direct boss, but she blindly backs up my direct boss. I have been told that this is because they have worked together for a long time.

My question is essentially: what are my rights as an employee? What is the best way to consult HR, if that is advisable? Does anyone have any advice on how to deal with an extremely critical boss?

Tl;Dr: My boss hates me, sets extremely high goals, refuses to help me, and then gets mad when I cannot reach them. What do I do?