[WA] Employee pulled vacation/sick time shenanigans before putting in notice. Can I terminate her early?
Our company runs mobile clinics, brief for context. 

On Tuesday November 16 this employee put in a two week vacation request for thanksgiving week and the week after. This is not in line with our policy for this long of a request, but I decided to grant it to her because I could get her work covered and because she has traditionally been an incredibly toxic person to work with. For the sake of the team not having to deal with her toxicity if I denied the request, I gave it to her. Really stupid of me but that’s what I did. 

Thursday the 18th she called out sick. Friday we had no clinics scheduled. Friday at 4pm she calls out sick for he clinic for  Saturday. I had to cancel this clinic because of her absence, and there was a lot of fall out from it. I also quickly got suspicious because she didn’t have to work starting 3 days before schedule vacation time. She has done this before; she has a pattern of happening to get sick right before a long weekend or vacation. HR has always told me that I have to assume good intentions and I have to assume the truth, that some people are just unlucky like that with their health. Well, ok. (Eye roll)

So began her 2.5 weeks off work. On Tuesday November 23 she requests more sick time off. She wants two days off starting the day she returns to work, December 6-7. I notice that this so happens to finish up all her sick time. I emailed HR to ask if I can deny this sick time off because at this point it is evident she is running down the clock. By the time she’s done with all this sick time, vacation, and holiday, she will be three weeks absent from clinics. But, HR is out on vacation, so no response. I have left the sick pay in my inbox, not approved nor denied. 

Yesterday she sends in her resignation letter. Her last day? Why, magically December 7, the same day as her last sick day request. Now I know if I deny the sick time request, she’s just going to call in sick anyway. She clearly does not plan to return to work at all. 

I want to end her time early. I want it to finish when her vacation finishes so she can’t claim these last sick days, which are obviously 100% BS. But, I don’t know if that would end up qualifying her as getting fired/dismissed? Since she initiated the request, can we essentially counter and end it whenever we want? 

I think my HRBP returns Monday, but I’ve been sitting over here unable to concentrate on anything else. I’m livid with the way she ended things. I’m glad she will be gone, as I’ve never met a more toxic person in my life, and had actually planned on talking to my manager about letting her go by the end of the month anyway, so it’s like the trash took itself out. 

I’m just trying to plan ahead for what my options are while I wait for a reply from HR.

Edit: Forgot to mention details that might make a difference. She is salaried and we do 90 days employment contracts, up for regular renewal. Her current contract ends December 29. We pay out unused vacation time but not unused sick time.