[NY] Do I have a case or should I let this go?
[NY] I recently left a position held with this company for sixteen years. Its an at will situation. The reasons for leaving were varied but it was mostly because I had started to feel uncomfortable about the way I was being treated. Prior to the pandemic my manager had done things like suddenly deny a previously approved day off without notice. I walked in and happened to notice my name was whited out on the board for the day we had previously agreed upon. I waited all day to be able to approach her about it but she was in a mood so it wasn’t addressed until a few days later when she said she didn’t “think” I actually wanted that day off. On another occasion she yelled at me on the sales floor in front of all my coworkers for taking down Christmas decorations she had literally asked us to take down “if we had free time” a day or two prior. It was embarrassing to say the least and one of my coworkers even chimed in to remind her she had in fact made that request but it didn’t stop her from exhibiting aggressive behavior towards me in that moment or those that followed. She carried on about it all day speaking with my coworkers and blaming me for upsetting her. We didn’t have an HR department so there was nobody for me to bring these issues up with. When the pandemic hit we were all full time employees but we were required to reduce our hours to part time (35 p/w) to reduce payroll and stay afloat while the pandemic forced us to work from home. The company was granted the PPP shortly after. She was constantly trying to get us to agree to come back into the office even when the labor departments guidelines specifically prohibited it. Later, it came to my attention that some of her “favored” employees who went back to in person work were allowed to do so full time. The reasoning behind at least one of those particular individuals being full time was that she was buying a house and getting married (so she obviously needed the full time work schedule more than the rest of us.) We were told we could work full time, too, so long as we returned to the office. Over time she fired one coworker and another quit leaving us with two employees. When my only other coworker put in her notice to pursue another career the manager didn’t tell me until one week prior to her departure. It was down to just me and I could no longer handle the disrespect or the ever increasing work load (without compensation) so I put in my notice as well. Initially, I gave 2 weeks but extended it to 2 mos (8 wks) so she could better train her new hires. Cut to my last paycheck where the PTO is listed and it shows 43 hours left. Payday comes and nothing hits my bank. I write a polite email asking about those last hours and she says she doesn’t owe it to me. I asked her to explain it to me because I’m confused as to why its been showing X hours on my stub counting down with every paycheck and now suddenly that’s invalid. I was counting on those hours, honestly. But it turns out she’s right according to the handbook. I have found her to be be both morally and ethically corrupt in her managerial approach and I guess I just want to know if I have a case. After sixteen years it seems like she’s punishing me for leaving what I had deemed was becoming, for me, a toxic situation.