Trying to obtain Offer Letter from Third-Party [TX]
Hi all, please let me know if this is the incorrect subreddit to post this question. 


Background: I am a fresh Electrical Engineering graduate (May 21) that just interviewed for a position last week. The position is for an Automation Engineer with a semi-big engineering focused company (well known in it's space and maybe a household name) based in Texas. 


I was referred to the position thru my network and the job description stated that it is a 1 year, contractor position. I got an "offer" for the job the day before Thanksgiving (literally a day after the interview). So far the process has been very smooth. 


I get the "offer" in an E-Mail from a third party (let us call them, PG) which states the company I interviewed with and the hourly rate they would like to pay me. However, the person E-Mailing would like to talk to me over a phone call to "answer my questions". The only actual piece of info in this E-Mail was the quoted hourly rate (without indication if this was gross/net before taxes) and that I'd been offered the job. 


As I am not a native English speaker, I prefer doing reading over details and prepping for a conversation. I thanked the representative from PG and said the following - 
*"...can I please obtain a formal offer letter? I have a few questions (hours allowed per week, PTO hours allocation, benefits structure etc) that I would like to read over before I discuss them with you over the phone"* in an E-Mail. This would allow me to peruse the entirety of the offer, and then be ready for discussion/negotiation. 


However, I was told today that "PG is unable to create an offer letter. However, once we are into the onboarding itself, you’ll be generated a contract with your title and pay rate on it to sign electronically." 


Is this standard practice? Basically, I am trying to decide between the aforementioned offer and another one. However, I do not have a clear idea of expected hours per week, expected duration of project I am contracted for, and expected net pay. This lack of information especially *in writing* is very disconcerting and sets of klaxons in my head. It seems that I have to actually accept the offer and be onboarded to understand the terms of the offer. It also seems highly unprofessional for the level of compensation they are willing to offer.


To end - I am trying to understand if not providing a written offer letter describing all the details of the position is standard, especially in contractor positions. If it is not, how can I go about obtaining such a letter. Similarly, if you think that there is a breakdown of language between the rep and I - what they mean to be "onboarding" can be different than my expected definition of the word or the common consensus on it's meaning. It's highly unlikely imo but it's a possibility.