[UK] Advice on current job situation.
Hi reddit,

So currently I work as a junior unreal engine software developer. I recently had my yearly review with my higher ups about my performance.

Now before I talk about the review i will mention I have been in this company for 7 months, it is my first job as a unreal engine software developer and my salary was £20k and its based in London. At first I was worried to accept cause it seems like the salary was quiet low but I took it because it was very hard for me to find a job due to the pandemic.

Now for the first three months it was a struggle for me. The team is very small in my department and I only have one coworker who is a senior unreal engine developer. It was also that person's first time helping someone new get into the team. I was struggling getting grasp with the project at first, and every time I would ask for help or guidance, my coworker will just take over and do it himself. At first I felt like maybe I was not capable and making myself feel down because he will essentially be always taking over my work and not really fully explaining to me. I then started seeing this as a massive issue so I mentioned to them that I do not want him to do my work I just want guidance or opinions. They understood what i said, they apologised but will kept doing it tbh. I mentioned it to some higher ups. I guess they told the person because it was happening a bit less but they still did it every once in a while.

After just a month being in the company, I been basically told that I need to start being more like the senior so if anything was to happen I can take over. Now for me that seems like a big challenge. I am just a junior who just started about a month ago, and hearing that just added extra weight on my shoulder, and I started the suffer from imposter syndrome and it was just a really bad time for me, I did mention this to people at work, they said to not stress and not to worry.

Now I been struggling for the first three months to the point I had a final interview saying that I have not gotten to the level that they wanted and if I do not start showing signs then they will have to let me go.

This triggered a switch and I decided okay I need to start showing what I can truly do, and long and behold I started creating several things, fixing several bugs, testing etc...

I must have been doing well cause they said they was happy with my progress and they will keep me on.

Now I have stopped asking my senior for help, I do everything on my own, and we become much closer and I think they started to learn to stop taking over my work, cause we now help each other out and give each other ideas.

Now I am seven months into the company. I been doing really well and I have definitely improved at work. I may be slow in certain areas as I am still learning but I always get it done and like I mentioned I stopped asking for help and I been doing work on my own.

Now about the review, I was expecting to hear some good news from the higher ups, saying I have been doing well and I was expecting a salary increase because someone else at work who started a bit after than me had their review and they received a salary increase.

A good thing to note these higher ups do not have a clue what is happening in my department cause they do not know anything about programming or software development.

One other thing to note about this review, the higher ups ask my senior to write up a review about me, they mentioned about the struggle at the beggining but I have definitely improved. But the higher ups did not seem so happy with this, they basically told me in the review that they want me to basically be the same or even better than my senior, keep in mind im still a junior. They said they will give me only £1k increase, and will give me another review in 6 months, hoping that I can basically take over my senior.

Hearing this again just added more stress, like i said I definitely have improved at work, to the point that even my senior is able to go for holidays because I am able to take control the days they are gone. I did not expect just a small £1k increase.

Also, even if I do show that I can take over my senior in the next 6 months I know they will just give me an increase of about £2k.

During the meeting I was taken by surprise by this, kinda accepted what they said, I did give some hints that I did not agree, but I was just so down to say anything.

After some time thinking about this I definitely do not agree with their decision.

Now I do not know what to do, Im not sure if I should email the higher ups and say I do not agree with their decision and I will have to consider my position in this job, or ask for a higher salary increase.

I will like some thoughts from other people and opinions aswell of what to do and how to approach it.

Edit: I forgot to mention, my senior is pretty much the face of the programming side, they will always take the big jobs and always has the meetings with clients. While I am more the one just tidying up, bug fixing, and sometimes I get to make stuff for clients if my senior has too much to handle.