[TX] Should I go to HR? I got crazy texts from a colleagues wife that I didn’t know existed and she works at the same company.
UPDATE 1 (Monday morning): the wife sent emails to my boss and my boss’s boss. It has now circulated all the way up to my managing director. HR is already involved. I am attempting to get a hold of HR but have been unsuccessful and I have also reached out to an employment lawyer. 

Update 2 (Monday morning): I have a meeting with an employment lawyer at 845 tomorrow morning. I spoke with HR briefly and they will be meeting with me tomorrow as well (after the employment lawyer meeting). Embarrassed and don’t want to show my face at work. My boss and all the way up the chain have seen my sexts now. It’s fucking humiliating and I want to die. 

Friday night my phone rang at around 10PM and i saw it was a number I didn’t recognize. The phone kept ringing, kept ringing, etc… it rang 12 times from the same number. I didn’t pick up because I don’t know anyone from the area it was calling from so I knew it was someone I didn’t know. 

Immediately following the phone calls I got a text from a colleagues number that I barely know telling me to call. I did not call. Backstory: This is a guy that I have known for about 5 years but it’s very surface level and it is never in a work setting. What I mean by that is that we met on Grindr five years ago and hooked up and very minimally keep in touch whenever we are in the same city and occasionally hookup. It wasn’t until just about 4 months ago that I learned he had moved to my city and was working for the same company (in an entirely different building/department etc…). We have absolutely ZERO contact at work; we don’t work on anything together. The relationship between us has remained the same- minimal texting every few months and that’s it. Otherwise we don’t speak. I had no idea he had a wife- he has actually gone as far as to tell me he is single. So I never thought anything of it. 

Well last night it turns out the number that was calling me was the wife. And she had found his texts to me. And she was threatening me like crazy. Turns out she ALSO works for the same company and she was threatening me, my job, and she stated she would be sending screenshots of my texts with her husband to my boss and putting them on company Facebook pages to “expose me”. She sent me a screenshot of my LinkedIn profile as well. 

I tried to tell her that I had no idea what was going on and that I am not involved in anything but it was too late. She kept threatening me and advised me she had sent my boss (and my boss’s boss) an email. 

I am unsure what to do next. Do I report her to my ethics hotline? Ignore it? It’s a relationship issue between them that I have no part of and nothing in the texts insinuates we met up together (it was mostly just a little sexting). Do I report her to HR (different than the EthicsLine)???

I am freaking out. I am up for a promotion and have no idea what to do. 
Thanks for any insight or advice.


Edit: I am livid if this lady actually sent an email to my boss. Waiting until Monday to find out if she did. If she did then I want to go to HR and report her. There’s no reason my texts should be sent to my boss when it has nothing to do with work.

Edit: it really bothers me that my boss may have gotten an email with my sexting in it. That’s why I am trying to decide if should go to HR.