Boss and co-workers calling me on my days off [TX]
Last night I received a text message from my boss asking me to email a coworker a spreadsheet in the morning. Ok, no problem. I woke up extra early today (on my day off) and logged into my work email and sent the spreadsheet link to my coworker and CC'd my boss. A few minutes later my boss emails me and asks me to be on call in case my coworker needs help or has any questions about the spreadsheet.

I am an hourly worker and do not get paid to help out from home. I replied to my boss's email and told her I had plans today and would not be home for a while so I would not be able to answer phone calls. She replied back with just "Jessica?". I logged out of my work email and went to the grocery store. 

When I came home from the store my coworker and boss started calling my cell phone and I wasn't able to pick up right away because I had to put up some stuff and wash my hands. When I checked my phone my boss texted me and said, "You can't take five minutes out of your day to call your coworker?" I got back on my computer, logged into my work email, and found a tutorial on how to do the spreadsheet and emailed it to everybody and apologized for lateness. I didn't understand why my boss couldn't help the coworker understand how to do it as they know more than I do. 

My boss starts texting me again and asks me if I have been keeping up with the spreadsheet and why was I using a different one. I just stopped replying and put my phone down. It was stressing me out and I felt like I could not enjoy my day off.

I am hesitant to assisting coworkers on my days off. A few years ago I actually did it with a new hire. She was blowing up my phone on my days off all day long and when I  tried to explain how to do things to her over the phone she couldn't understand. I struggle explaining things verbally especially if I am not there in person with someone. I have to see what is on their computer to guide them. I do not get paid for any of this either, by the way.

Was  there a better way to handle this? Am I in the wrong for not wanting to be on standby on my days off?