[PA]Rejected resignation reinstated?
I suffered a mental health crisis on November 6 that is still ongoing and began before I asked for help. You can't ask if you don't know you need it. I have bipolar disorder and am in a manic episode with dissociative qualities.  

On Nov 6, I submitted an immediate leave of absence form/request after being hours late for a shift. I was confused and unsure and even though days before I was rational, that was long gone but not the impulses or thoughts. LOA began that day as did the subsequent STD claim that I opened. I immediately receive an email with my details and my manager's details.  

My mental state is rather fragile at this time and I panic and resign via email rather than have to deal with any of it because of an onslaught of messages from coworkers and other third parties who "broke" the grasp I had on what was happening - this is not the first time they've done this. 

My manager speaks to another associate and they let me know that he wants to talk. I reach out and we exchange a few words about needing to connect and sit down together with this employee as our "support" person. He says "we will defs figure this out!" We touch base every few days with him asking how I'm feeling and such. We send longer messages. Never once does he say that I've been terminated officially. All he DOES say is that we will sit down, figure this out, and in the interim, I'll get better. It was as though he essentially understood it was a mental health issue and my resignation was rejected. Without being outright stated. 

I was still able to log in and view my personal profile to see paystubs and other info. His boss told him to terminate me systematically but he refused since he and I were going to handle it. 

My STD claim and LOA are both processing. My doctors have sent in their documentation. FMLA is logged as the rationale for my missing 11/06-11/29 from work due to own disability. 

I get a call today that my STD was approved but that my LOA was not since I am not an active employee. I was never notified that my resignation was accepted and all evidence, which is in writing from my manager and the person who was his go-between and arbitor, is on my phone with timestamps. Even my being active well after my "immediate resignation". 

His arbitor is also a lawyer who just passed the bar and she told me that he would very rarely put anything in writing. And she said this, in writing. 

How do I collect STD if I am not employed by the company?

Is it company specific? How does this work? I'm so lost. 

What do I do since he insinuated that I was just taking the time off that I applied for and that we would "defs figure it out" and I was going to be coming back?