System theory, systemic approach to industrial engineering, philosophy, science, methodology, discipline, study, theory, what are even these?
So I am going to a college of technical sciences my study program is engineering of informational systems and we have this subject (Basics of system engineering). I legit have 2 presentations with 160+ pages in total and upon reading it like 5 times I'm still confused on general things. Of course it would be weird for someone to expect me to understand these philosophies in like 2 months but I seek understanding and some of this stuff seems contradicting. Like:

&amp;#x200B;

The main reason for the existence of science is to deal with the essence of their studies.  Essence, compared to existance of a thing, is not available to our senses, nor can it be directly observed and perceived.

So how can we know the essence of science if we cannot physically or in any other way get it. To me its basically like saying.

The sky is blue. What you just read is incorrect.

So the development of the presentation goes from like. Industrial engineering, a bit of its history. What is industrial engineering, approaches to industrial engineering (one of these is the systemic approach that we are paying extra attention to) and in those approaches there is this  quantitative approach which apparently has the focus of making decisions. And to me quantitative seems similar to quantity so i would assume it has to do with some measure of things. 

Then the presentation goes to the systemic approach, general system theory, how everything that we can perceive in reality is complex and it can be seen as a system, even imaginary things. But are imaginary things real? In the next presentation a complex system is defined as a system that has a human/humans in it and where randomness is at place. So does that mean that not every system is complex? I mean maybe its meant like every system can be seen as a holon, even its parts are systems. But still is there a simple system? I mean ax+by=0 and a1x+b1y=0 is a static system and its probably simple. That also brings me to the point that, every system is affected by time, i dont think my math system is affected by time. It seems like the concept of a system must be loosely defined or its to strict. 

This system theory, it seems like its trying to divide itself from other branches of science and to me that seems weird bcs, isnt everything rooted in philosophy. I mean system theory can probably have some differences from other branches of science but it cannot outrun philosphy. Saying that system theory studies fundamental things of universal importance just sounds like philosophy. Doesnt philosophy have to do with fundamental questions of this world. I wouldnt say that the essence of science is to study the object of its observance but that science is just love of wisdom, philo sophia.

So yeah i got confused so much on what a science is what a study is and what a discipline is, what a methodology is. I researched some of this stuff. I see methodology as a set of rules, principles, actions that you take to study or research something. 

Some philosophies are linked to system theory, like cultural structuralism, gestaltism, functionalism and other stuff.

I mean I have the test tomorrow about this, and the thing is I want to understand things, not to study them. 

&amp;#x200B;

 

The general system theory is interdisciplinary scientific field of research from:

 \-domain of building general theory and model of a system

\- construction  and logical-methodological settings appliances for describing the  functioning and behaviour of a system of a different nature, including  management problems processes that take place in complex dynamic  systems.

&amp;#x200B;

This my brain can't handle and I tried to translate it into human language. The thing I got is system theory wants to define what a system(to disassemble it and see how it changes, why it changes, how to affect such changes etc.) is so that it can apply that blueprint to other systems, and thats the way how we can understand those systems.

&amp;#x200B;

And this post is all over the place probably. You can even see what confusion I am in. I mean people around me are saying ohhh its easy, you just do the tests and u don't have to worry about getting a passing grade. Like just being present and taking the tests will be enough but I cannot learn without understanding. Im not a machine god damn it :D