Can people be guilty of crimes if there are factors influencing their behavior, such as hormones, over which they have no control?
It seems like the justice system is predicated on the notion that we are rational beings forced to contend with primal urges day in and day out, and that the individuals who succumb to those urges are simply unethical, weak, or malevolent. 

The more we learn about brain chemistry, however, the more it becomes clear that the line between our conscious, higher-order functioning and those primitive callings is blurry at best. 

For example, imagine two individuals A and B charged with (and convicted of) rape. Individual A has around average testosterone levels; however, Individual B has testosterone levels that are 200% higher than normal -- making him more aggressive, impulsive, and sexual. 

Is Individual B less culpable than Individual A? He was more likely to offend from birth, and the burden of resisting these "urges" was much higher. Even if this example does not sway you entirely, I think it makes an important point: that we are not all on a level playing field.

It is pretty clear that murderers and serial killers tend to have a lack of empathy. If we one day find an explanation for this rooted in brain chemistry, this raises an important question: are these people criminals who need to be locked up for hundreds of years, or patients who simply need to go in for a brief surgical procedure?

Of course, you could take this to the extreme and assert that no one has free will and that we are all merely zombies. But in that case, is a prison sentence even "cruel" for something that is not really alive? Assuming however that life is as it seems and there is a consciousness driving our actions, the fact that it is dragged down into the mortal world by hormones and brain chemistry is undeniable (just look at what happens when people try to abstain from any sexual activity for long periods of time). It seems like the issue of this playing field that is not level is a critical one that is never addressed.