Any criticisms of Oliver Crisp's justice argument for Eternal Conscious Torment? I checked out philpapers but I could not find any citations criticizing it.
Here's Oliver Crisp's argument in formal form and defenses of premises. ( [https://philpapers.org/rec/CRIDRA](https://philpapers.org/rec/CRIDRA) )

&gt;(1) God is infinitely worthy of regard.  
(2) The gravity of an offence against a being is principally determined by its worth or dignity.  
(3) There is an infinite demerit in all sin against God.  
(4) Hence, all sin is infinitely heinous.  
The inference from (4) to an IPT might be disputed. William Wainwright, in a recent discussion of Jonathan Edwards' use of this argument, claims that a sin may incur an infinite demerit, and thereby be infinitely heinous, but not warrant an infinite punishment. A person may commit a crime without full knowledge of it being a crime, or inadvertantly, or not wholly willingly. And surely, we would distinguish between these sorts of examples in the severity of punishment served. Similarly, all sin may be infinitely heinous because it is committed against a being of infinite worth, but not intentionally committed against God. For instance, atheists are not, we may presume, able to intend to sin against God. But is it right that the blasphemy of an atheist is treated exactly the same as the blasphemy of an archbishop, although the atheist does not intend to sin against God (how could s/he, being an atheist?), whereas the archbishop does? It would appear not. At the very least, this shows that intentionality is important in weighing up desert. In which case, there seems to be a gap between sin being infinitely heinous, and sin deserving an infinite punishment.  
By way of bridging this gap, two things can be said. First, the question of intention is not sufficient to mitigate punishment. If Trevor gives all his money away to charity in a fit of virtue, but in so doing deprives his children of the means to eat, Trevor may still be guilty of harming his children, although he did not intend to do so. 24 Similarly, though a person may not intend to sin against God, they may still sin, whether they are fully aware of this or not. And this is still culpable.  
However, this does not obviate the problem of intention, since it still leaves scope for diminishment of responsibility. The atheist who blasphemes surely has a diminished responsibility for his crime by virtue of not knowing it was a crime (or not knowing the person against whom he committed the crime existed). The same cannot be said for the blaspheming archbishop.  
Nevertheless, it is permissible to withhold a good from someone, although they do not deserve to be deprived of it.   
&gt;  
&gt;The job Wayne applied for may be withheld from Wayne if he is not qualified for the post. He does not deserve to be refused the job (he has done nothing untoward). But he is not qualified for the job, which may, as a result, be withheld from him. Similarly sinners may not befit for heaven. In such circumstances, God may well be justified in withholding the good of eternal life, and placing them in hell, even if they do not deserve to be excluded from his presence. And, presumably, this applies, mutatis mutandis, to the difference between infinitely heinous sin, and infinitely punished sin. A blaspheming atheist has committed an infinitely heinous sin, so the argument goes, but does not deserve on that basis alone to be infinitely punished.  
&gt;  
&gt;  
After all, he was not to know that there was a God, and he certainly did not intend to harm God in his action. But God may still be justified in withholding everlasting life from the atheist, and consigning him to an infinite punishment in hell, because he is not 'qualified' for heavenly life (being a (sinful) atheist). Besides, sin surely has at least a trivial sense in which it has ongoing, perhaps, infinite, consequences. For any world in which a person commits a particular sin has, from that point onwards, the property of that sin having been committed at that time and place in that world. This property will obtain for as long as the world in which it is committed persists. So, there may be reasons why God inflicts infinite punishment on sinners who have committed sins of infinite heinousness, although that reason may not be merely that these sinners have committed crimes of infinite heinousness. Where a sinner does not clearly intend to sin against God, they may still be liable for an infinite punishment, even if intentionality is taken into account.

After this, Oliver goes on to talk about how even though the punishments are infinite in duration, the intensity of the suffering or the magnitude of the punishment need not be infinite. As in, someone who committed a smaller sin might suffer small suffering (or punishment) or small misery forever. While someone who has done more heinous sin will suffer much more painful punishment forever. Oliver also states in the paper that justice does not require forgiveness. He says there is nothing wrong if God does not forgive anyone after they commit any sin against him. So, the moment you commit a sin, you deserve infinite punishment and God is in no obligation to forgive you. 

&amp;#x200B;

Also, moral perfection need not involve compassion, empathy, etc. So, God could not love anyone and has no compassion or empathy for anyone and even then punish based on the demands of justice. Since compassion is not required for goodness, so God is morally perfect without compassion.