Why are philosophers hesitant about critiquing vegetarianism?
One aspect of philosophy which has always greatly impressed me is that there is always a vibrant argument on both sides of any question, even questions which at first appear absurd. For example, does the exterior world exist? Is the universe somehow conscious? Is it wrong to bring humans into existence? Entire libraries can be filled with the books and articles that have been written both for and against these question. 

And yet, when one comes to vegetarianism, this appears no longer to be case. The literature surrounding vegetarianism appears, at least from a layman's point of view, very much one sided -- indeed, for a long time, I simply believed there was no good argument against vegetarianism. And it has only been by digging deep in the literature that I have found that, contrary to what I thought, there are good counter arguments to vegetarianism; the logic of the larder, for example; the argument that decreasing farm populations increases wild populations, and since wild animals can live worse lives than farm animals, vegetarianism actually increases animal suffering; or the arguments from philosophers like Callicott that vegetarianism/veganism is anti-ecological because by condemning animal pain and death as bad, logically it seems you need to condemn predation and intervene in wild nature; finally, I recently discovered the work of Plumwood who argues that vegetarianism/veganism enforces human chauvinism, as she explains:  “Although, by definition, all ecologically embodied beings exist as food for some other beings, the human supremacist culture of the West makes a strong effort to deny human ecological embodiment by denying that we humans can be positioned in the food chain in the same way as other animals.” 

Now, I'm not here to ask whether these are good arguments (even though I think Plumwood's is) -- my question is more: why are philosophers seemingly shying away from criticising the ideas of Singer and co about vegetarianism? Is it because of cultural pressure? Isn't that fundamentally against the spirit of philosophy?