I love the woman I am talking to but mental health is impacting me. What should I do?
Hello everybody! I 23M have been seeing this girl 22F but we are in a  complicated situation. We have been talking to each other for a while  and have made clear our feelings for each other, said that we had  feelings. However we both need therapy before we can be together in the  relationship that we want. I think her level of trauma however is much  lesser than mine.  I on the other hand have a lot of trauma. I think I  may suffer from bipolar and other types of mental illnesses. I  discovered recently that I love her and I dont want to lose her but the  level of my trauma is serious. We are from different countries and  religions so sometimes its hard. I lack confidence and self doubt a lot  and overthink. I had an abusive childhood with beatings in the house and  outside and sexual abuse which I havent told her about and am poor. I  struggle to forgive myself yet I also want her. I really think she may  be the one I could spend the rest of my life with. But my mental health  isnt good enough. As of now we are mostly stuck in limbo until we both  surpass our mental health issues to be together.  I was the one who  suggested this however I cant help but feel this is wishful thinking. I  dont know any story like this but my imagination makes me feel it can  happen. Recently I discovered I love her but  at the current condition  we are now I dont know what to do and have been wondering if breaking up  is the best choice.  I have made past mistakes in our dating phase or  whatever its called and she has told me she has forgiven me but I  struggle to forgive myself and keep beating myself over it. I dont know  how to judge my mental health and thoughts in my mind make me think it  can be done to save this realtionship and make it work but at the same  time I worry that maybe subconsciously I will hurt her somehow and I  dont want to hold her heart locked on me until I feel better. If  we  break up she could marry other guys.  I really want whats best for her  and if that makes her happy thats good but I also hope that we can be  together. So many thoughts in my head. Hope making me think we can be  together and keep being like this until we figure things out.  Another  line of thought is if we break up and I keep working on myself and if  she marries somebody else so be it, if not by the time I get back then  we could resume seeing each other. The more I think of it the more I  think I overcomlicate it. Please give me some advice on how to approach  this. I really love this girl and I know I would offer her the best life  I could ever offer anybody but at the current state I dont know what to  do. Part of me thinks breaking up would be best for her and thats what  love is, wanting whats best for the other person so I'll do that but  part of me wants to hang on to her and not let her go cause I can never  find her again. I worry that with her expressing worry I would easily  revert my decision and take it back for us to keep being together. I  dont know what to do. 

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR. I love the woman I am talking to and we both have feelings. We both are traumatized however I feel my trauma is worse. We agreed to keep talking without advancing the relationship.  Now i discovered I love her and my trauma could take up longer than expected. Should I break up with her?