Why can I still feel my tampon in even after half and hour or longer?
Girls I need help. I am 23 and have never had a successful experience with a tampon. I use the smallest ones with applicators, I checked the instructions probably a million times at this point, I am doing everything correctly, and I still feel it. And yes I push it far enough, it will not go in farther, not to mention that I feel like my muscles constantly push it out so I go to the toilet to push it back in like probably every 20 minutes. And it’s not like mildly uncomfortable so that I can stop thinking about it. I can’t walk properly (my dad once asked me when I had one in why I was walking so weird). I know that they are not supposed to be removed too early, but the longest I was able to keep one was 2 hours and it was just awful. It’s not that it hurts particularly when I insert it but it hurts when I remove it and if I move a certain way it will also hurt. The fact that some people can forget that they have a tampon is beyond me. For me it’s all I can think about. But I am so sick of pads I want this to work.

I’ve looked online and for the most people it seems it helps to keep trying, push it more or change brand or whatever but it doesn’t work for me. Nobody seems to suggest anything else. I went to a doctor at some point and she said that it’s because I’m a virgin. Which is fantastic because as and aroace I’m not planning to have sex anytime soon. So should I just give up? I’m so sick of this because all my life doctors told me that certain things will not work for me because I’m built a certain way. I’ve also tried to check it for myself and I can get one finger up there when I try to add a second one it hurts quite a lot. Idk what to do. I want to be able to go to a swimming pool when I’m on my period.

Has any of you had a similar experience and if so did you manage to find a solution and what was it? And please don’t comment that it’s not far enough or that I need to keep trying, I appreciate your help but I know that it won’t work on me thx