Is this the ebb in ebb and flow or is it over - where do I go from here?
I apologize for the novel, I’ve never written here before but my sister suggested it and I thought it was a great idea! 

I (25f) have been with my partner (30m) for 8+ years. We spent some time apart in my early twenties but have been very much together outside of that time. 

I recently finished grad school and accepted a job several hours away (a week after I graduated). My contingency with taking the job was I knew I’d have to move before it started snowing (2 hour commute each way). I had lived with roommates my entire college career, and felt I was ready to move in with my partner. He agreed and was excited for the move/didn’t want me to move on my own.

It’s been roughly 3 months and I can’t tell if this is an adjustment period or a wake up call. My partner moved out of his parent’s home at 17 (where he was the sole provider in a marriage from 18-22, and prides himself on being totally independent) and then back in in his mid twenties. And lived there until he was 30 and moved in with me. His mother did all of the house cleaning, he mostly ate out or ate what she prepared, and didn’t really have to participate in anything else that made the house run. 

While I was in graduate school, I told my partner this was the time for him to really decide what he wanted to do with his life (was on track to work in the automotive world at one of the big four). He opted to attempt to get into a union - which is an incredibly difficult and lengthy progress here. It took about the entire time I was in graduate school for him to get in. Just before his acceptance calls came, he decided he wanted out of that world and he was going to follow his dream of working in nature. So he went back to school (he has an associates) for environmental engineering. He started classes the same week we moved in at a local community college (online) and immediately hated them. Hated all math and chem. Long story short, he is now an education major.

My partner has ADHD and has explained to me that once he no longer has a “why” (e.g. no reason to continue engineering classes as he’s switched his major) he doesn’t care anymore and struggles to complete tasks. So where school was taking 10+ hours a day (per the courses, this should’ve been closer to 2-4) before he had a job (just recently got one about 2 weeks ago) he now works 4-5 hours a day on it after his 7 hr work shifts. He has begun to fail exams and is incredibly unhappy. I absolutely understand this. I worked 50+ hours a week while attending a strenuous masters program - I do not fault him for feeling burnt out or overwhelmed! And I don’t blame him and feel for him when it takes him longer to complete tasks. 

Before he began working/switched his major, he was great with being on top of the laundry. A chore I absolutely hate. I work in the medical field and go through a lot of clothes. Ever since the switch, it’s been a process of either reminding him or just doing it myself. Everything else that’s needed for the apartment is left up to me: recycling, grocery planning/prepping/cooking, cleaning (daily and weekly), paying and tracking all bills, etc. You name it, I do it. 

My singular condition before moving in together was that he paid his own bills and contribute what else he could financially to the household - even if it was something simple like $50/month. I knew I could cover the rent, it was my choice to live in a more expensive neighborhood, and it was my job that brought us here. He agreed and stated he had savings to cover himself. Since moving in, I have covered approximately 1k in bills per month for him, and he accepted a job that’s 35 hours/week and $4-6/hour less than other offers he had. So my savings has suffered, which is also stressful, but I made the choice to help him and I do not regret that.

We have talked at length about mental load. How I am constantly thinking about and having to plan our lives and that him asking “what can I do” isn’t helpful, or asking me to give him a list of things to do is just another task. He tends to latch on to one specific idea (e.g. fine I’ll do more grocery shopping!) than the idea of the mental load as a whole. 

This has also deeply impacted our sex life. When he started going back to school, he was too stressed to engage in anything sexual. I absolutely understood and did not apply any pressure. Now with our dynamic shift and my plate being so full, I’m not looking forward to being intimate. However, I do not receive the same grace. I get grabbed and cajoled and begged and whined at. When I talk about the other areas of my life being depleted (self care, non sexual physical intimacy with him, quality time, etc) - it’s acknowledged, briefly attended to (a singular show, a few hugs during a single day, etc.) and then I’m expected to perform at the end of the night. We don’t really touch outside of sex, and per him he thinks I’m at an emotional attachment level he can never obtain. And that he wasn’t hugged/kissed as a child so it doesn’t come naturally to him - which I don’t discount.

I feel like I’m finally realizing that I am a whole and happy person on my own (which I love!) and not just so and so’s girlfriend. I don’t necessarily want to break up, but would love to just live on my own for a while and care for just myself. Something I’ve truly never done. But, my job brought him out here. He’s said he’d figure things out if I needed space that badly but he’d have to quit his job and move home or live in his car - his words. So now I’m feeling stuck. 

Can people change? Does he need time to actually be on his own too? Is splitting household duties reasonable? We’ve talked about counseling (I’m a big proponent of therapy) but I know he doesn’t really believe in it and thinks we can solve our own problems. I love him and he’s my absolute best friend, a truly great person. But I’m wondering about his ability as a partner in a shared space. 

This didn’t really flow but felt good to type out. I can’t tell if I’m overreacting or not. I’ve never been in this position so any commentary from someone who knows better is so appreciated!

TLDR: My partner of 8 years and I finally moved in together and I feel entirely responsible financially, mentally, and emotionally for both of us. My boyfriend attends school and works 35 hours per week while I work 40 and do all household duties outside of laundry (all food shopping/prep/cooking, cleaning, finances, etc.). I feel like I need space, but I brought him out here (2 hours from home) because of my job. Where do I go now?