I have a rocky relationship with my stepmother and I need some advice.
My parents have been divorced since I was two, and I was raised by my grandparents for 2 years until my dad remarried. 

For the past 14 years of my life, I was raised by my stepmom. The word "raised" would be a stretch, since she was not a vv supportive and loving parent. She provided me with the basic food and shelter, but I've lacked a parental figure my whole life. I have a pretty negligent father and my stepmother is the exact opposite --controlling, critical, abusive. 

However, I am super grateful to have three younger siblings who I love vv much. I have more of a parent-child relationship w them since my parents were never home and I was to be responsible for the household and their wellbeing. 

I left for university in August and have had a blast there. However, due to financial stress, I have decided to return home to attend a city college for the next two years. This decision was vv difficult for me bc I did not want to lose my sense of freedom and independence. I have weighed the pros and cons abt my choice and I decided that it was best for me to return home bc my mental health has not been up to par and my GPA has been extremely low. My parents arent supporting me financially w school, so it is all my responsibility to cover my expenses. My decision was not necessarily approve by both parents, but it is something that we have all decided on doing. 

I was vv excited to return home bc I rly missed my siblings. I even gave my stepmom a hug when I saw her. She did not return it.

 For the past few days, my stepmother would pick on me every chance that she would. At thanksgiving dinner, she criticized my wavy hair and how it is not straight. I use to hate it but I have come to terms with it ever since I moved away. When I was home, she would always make me tie up my hair in a bun and, when we go out to church, she would make me straighten it. My stepmom also pointed out the fact that I lost a lot of weight (9 lbs) and how I looked worse than when I left. I understand that, physically and mentally, I am doing worse bc of financial and academic stress. 

The next day, we sat down and talked abt my decision to attend a city college and "drop out" of the University that I was attending. I told her that my grades aren't doing well and I might fail a class, but it is okay and that I will improve and learn from my mistakes. She whipped out the fact that, if I am doing well in school, I would have no problem working more hours to sustain myself. I got really angry bc, as a parent, ur suppose to support your kid financially. Also, I am a STEM major and, even if I am doing well in school, I still need time to study. My stepmom has no problems taking money from my paycheck to pay for her expenses. She borrowed $400 from me and still has not paid me back for it. That number may be significantly small to her, but it is something I worked hard for. 

On the third day, my stepmom was making fun of my sister and her weight and I stepped in, telling her that that's not okay. She later confronted me abt it, saying that she has the right to parent her children the way she wants to and that I am not mature enough to tell her what is wrong and right. 


For all of my life, I have listened to what she has wanted me to do. And now, when I finally step up for myself or any of my siblings, I am a bad daughter and a terrible child. 

I have tried talking to my dad abt it and nothing has happened. The way she treats me in front of ppl and my dad is completely different. 

The irony is, I feel like I am the bad daughter she has marketed me as, even though I have done nothing wrong. My stepmom told me that all of the family problems stem from me and that she regrets taking me in bc I am a burden to her. When she talks down on me, I take it. When she criticizes me, her comments gets in my head. Is it weird that I still hoped that she would love me? I don't want to return home but what other option do I have? I thought I could finally leave but I guess not. I can barely support myself financially now, and the stress is eating me alive.