what should i do? should i continue or leave the rs? post is long but want to give as much deets as possible!
hey yall, (this is a throwaway account) i'm quite troubled and i hope that i receive serious and solid advice from u wonderful people. :) sorry if it's a bit long but i really want to give as much details as possible for your understanding. (i am going to post this in multiple threads cuz i dont know if it wil be taken down by the moderator so please dont come at me for 'spamming everywhere')

some context - been with my bf for a few years now (less than 4 years), our rs is quite calm - we dont fight (usually we just talk things out by initiating discussions) we're both in our mid to late 20s, working full time, i'm living together with him and his family due to some of my own fam issues (i do pay rent). so far nothing is toxic, we're both not controlling or abusive, no one is cheating, no addictions or no other serious problems like that.

his personality - he's frugal, he's an introvert, likes to stay home 100%, very dense in a sense that he didnt know much about dating, (im his first gf), what to do nice stuff for a girl etc, he's also not expressive and keeps most of the things to himself

finances wise, it used to be a little issue for me, because we go dutch all the time and we would even split meals for special occasions (we split even on the first date lol), so i used to feel that he was stingy and my family (and even my friends) were not very approving of that because i come from a more traditional family/background (that guy should pay for everything/pay more than the girl). we had a talk about this and that we agree that the person who earns more should pay more, so now he's paying for more meals while i pay occasionally. however, i also understand that he was brought up that way after i lived with his family

sometimes, i really wonder, does he love me as much as i love him? i know a rs is not about measuring who loves more or who puts in more effort, but through the years, i really wonder... he's someone of little words, he doesnt compliment me on how i look, does not give me words of affirmation, the number of times he said 'i love you' is probably less than 10x in our years of rs, and at most he responds with 'i love you too' when i said it first.

i'm someone who doesnt need extravagant gifts or branded items but i absolutely love handwritten letters or stuff that are handmade. i always do it to him, for his bday, monthsaries, anniversaries or even on random occasions, and i'm not asking for a return but you know it feels good to receive it sometimes? i've told him before that i dont need expensive gifts - these handmade stuff or letters are literally FOC unless you buy materials to do it, all you need is EFFORT. he told me that these are out of his comfort zone and he's not willing to do it for me.

he also doesnt really plan dates (cuz we're literally living tgt) but i told him that even if we are spending every min tgt, i think that we should still go out and hang somtimes. (he's the 100% stay home kind of guy while im more of a balanced kind? i like to go out but i also need moments at home) im always the one suggesting where to go or planning the day out. (maybe if we weren't living tgt he might have planned? cant say for sure)

and sometimes if i asked stuff (like girls do lol) like ,'what if one day you find someone better and you leave me :(' and he responded with 'huh i'll live with guilt forever' something along that line. i was sad because that's all he said? not because he loved me or liked me for the way i am etc?

there was also one time very long ago when i asked him if he sees a future with me (probably a year into the rs because im a date to marry kind of person, if he aint seeing a future, lets dont waste each other's time) and he said he thinks so, but the reason is BECAUSE he 'does not want to go through the whole process of finding someone new again'. i was super sad with that statement because it felt like i'm his only option that he's settling for? i did relay my disappointment but i dont know if he REALLY feels that way or is he just shy to say out some words or his character of being a wood and he doesnt know how to express it?

if you ask me about what's good, i would say he gives me tremendous amount of emotional support, he supports me in everything i do, being my listener when i ramble on and on about my toxic work/toxic friends/family issues, and i just love every moment spent with him (not sure if he feels the same cuz if i ask him he'll probably give me a lame answer due to him being not expressive)

i have relayed my thoughts to him last year before that i felt he should put in more effort, and anything that i was unhappy with, i told him, and i know that he did try to change. eg when we just started out in the rs, if i said i feel like drinking bbt, not sure if i should get it or not, he would just say oh up to you and that's it. (lol) now, if i said i feel like drinking it (or be it a pack of cookies, or wtv), he would take the initiative to say, i'll pay it for you. so it's really heartwarming to see that he is doing that :') it's really the small things that make me happy

anyway i'm still in the rs and we are already talking about marriage etc but i'm still having doubts... like i dont want to seem like i always have so much expectations and im scared that if i bring it up again, (because it's not the first time) he'll get sick and tired because i'm afraid he'll just think that i've so much expectations and what he does will never be enough to please me.

do you guys have any advice? what should i do? talk to him again? therapy? leave? (that's my last resort.. cuz i feel that i want to choose him but i still have the doubts)