At a crossroad in my relationship and it's tearing me up. Need advice and a bit of emotional support right now.
My boyfriend and I agreed to move in together after college because it made more fiscal sense for the both of us and he felt like he needed to live separately to focus on school, which I understood. COVID hit during our senior year, we ended up getting sent home from school, lost job opportunities/offers, my dad got a life-threatening illness, and his parents are extremely high risk. We decided it was best if we did not move in together until we were sure that our families would be okay and we were vaccinated. 

Throughout the past year, I did not work a job. I became a full time tutor/nanny for my house. My mom ended up being an essential worker and my father worked from home. While I didn't get paid, I didn't have rent/bills. I took care of my sisters schooling as she went remote for the entire year and took my family to their appointments, did groceries, cleaned etc. As soon as I was vaccinated,  I applied to jobs. I finally managed to get one in early August. The pay is low, but I love it and I have a lot of independence in it. It also looks great on a portfolio as I want to go go grad school in the near future.

My boyfriend landed a WFH position in his field from the beginning of COVID. the pay was great, he was contracting, and it seemed to be the perfect liftoff for his career. But the studio never completed any projects, the hours were to random and too little. Basically, while he liked the job, we wouldn't be able to afford rent or we would be scraping by. I brought up the idea of picking up more clients or a part time job so he could keep the contract, and he agreed. That conversation was about seven months ago. In that time he and I became fully vaccinated. 

Since that conversation and since I've been working a solid job, I've been been looking at apartments, figuring out how much I would need to save up, what we would need for a place, etc. My boyfriend hasn't, but I didn't mind because it helps my anxiety to plan things. He's been applying to jobs, but nothings turning up. He also refuses to do things to help himself out, like getting his resume reviewed, reaching out to connections/recruiters, applying to "day jobs." He also hasn't saved any money to move out. I asked him if he was depressed, he said yes. I asked him to please go therapy and talk to his doctor (he has a history of  chronicdepression and was on medication but decided to taper off a year a ago) but he never did. My dad offered to set him up an interview at a company he's worked with and asked my BF to send him a portfolio/resume, and my BF sent documents that were not well designed and had errors. The work itself was just okay. I was shocked and helped him redesign everything, helped him make a website and made his graphics, and edited his written conent. I asked him to follow up with my father, and my bf never did. 

Yesterday I just blew up on him. I don't even know what set me off anymore, but I was so hurt and angry. It was like seven months of feelings came out. I asked him if he still wanted to build a life together and move in with me. I begged him to tell me what his plans for the future were and how he was going to get to them, because his actions don't line up with his words. I told him that I want to help any way I can, I just need to know how.  My boyfriend started crying a lot. Saying that he's just been depressed. That he's sorry. He said I should just break up with him. I told him "I asked you if you wanted to move in together still and how we could make that happen, and you're saying I should break up with you?" And he responded yes.  I was stunned and shut down. 

He freaked out, saying that came out wrong, that he didn't mean it, that he didn't want to lose me, that he was going to do better. I didn't know what to say after that. I basically calmed him down and we ended the conversation.

 We went back to his parents and I stayed the night. He cried more at bedtime and said he didn't want to lose me. I comforted him and went to bed.  


I have no idea what do now. I feel like I'm being lied to somehow- like he's saying that wants to do move in together, but refusing to make any steps towards making it happen. Like, he's putting off the decision to break up so it's on me and not him. 

I told him basically, I need evidence that things are going to change. I need to see that you're not just trying, you're doing things so we can actually live together. He agreed. 


It would break me to walk away from this, but I feel like I'm being pushed into a corner. I don't know what to do or if I handled anything the right way. I feel guilty for blowing up on him. And the fact that he went straight to breaking up when I asked him how we can make our lives work together is just stuck in my head. Like he'd rather break up then put in the effort to move out with me.

I need advice on basically everything. I'm scared to lose him and I'm scared to stay.