Was I sexually assaulted or am I just really regretting having sex with someone?
Tw: Sexual assault
I know this is a sad and kind of fucked up question to ask but it’s been bothering me ever since it happened. To give context I (27f) dated this guy back in 2009 when I was 14 and he was 15. I ended up breaking up with him about 8 months later after realizing I wasn’t really romantically attracted to him but a few years later we became close platonic friends. Come 2016 he was one of my very best friends and been giving me advice and supporting me through some romantic problems I was having at the time. Still was not romantically or physically attracted to him. We lived about 40 minutes away from each other so we didn’t hang out super often but a couple times a month he and I would go to his friends house where a bunch of us would get together and play poker and have drinks. One night he invited me to his house to play pool and have drinks with him and our poker friends. We all ended up getting pretty shit faced and he invited me to stay the night since I was in no shape to make the long drive home and ended up passing out in his bed when he promised me we’d sleep on opposite sides. I woke up a while later to him rubbing my thigh and I’m pretty sure we kissed. I remember him saying “I’ve wanted to do this for a really long time.” I don’t really remember the actual intercourse up until I started feeling pain and then all I remember after that is him apologizing for hurting me and getting me into the shower with him and washing blood from in between my legs for me. He put me in a big shirt of his and back into bed and we went to sleep. I left pretty much as soon as I woke up the next morning and didn’t even really look him in the eye. He called me later that day and could tell I wasn’t okay. He started crying and said “do you think I raped you?” He assured me he would never want to do anything to hurt me and that I consented and said I wanted to. But it’s never sat well with me and I haven’t spoken to him since. I don’t know if I’m just feeling regret and shame for having sex with someone I didn’t want to (who also had a girlfriend at the time) or if I’m processing sexual trauma because I was raped but it’s bothered me since that day and I still don’t know how to wrap my head around it five years later.