Texting Culture... I'm Old! So I think being an elder millennial has thrown me off when it comes to texting culture! (Late thirties- mom of two)
Also maybe I'm quirky in this way because of how texting came into my life later (in college) instead of earlier.  But I feel like an old person... because I like texting because I kind of get nervous talking on the phone ... But I also don't like the idea of a conversation on demand.  Just this idea that I need to stop what I'm doing and immediately respond to somebody. 

I seriously grew up with no texting and a landline the whole family shared.  If you missed somebody's phone call they left a message and you called them back when you were home or ready.

And I mostly bring this up because I've had friends who will text me and if I don't text back within 5 to 10 minutes they'll send me like a question mark text.  
But it won't be like a pressing text like "hey what time do we need to meet"  
It'll be something like "did you watch last nights episode of whatever?". Or "hows it going?". 
So I will reply with I'll get back to you in a minute and then I usually get an eye roll emoji sent my way.  And I do admit that sometimes I miss the initial text and I don't reply until the question mark text arrives but that's not intentional. ( I should add I have friends who are in their early 20sto their late 40s so a fairly wide range in age)

The way texting was introduced to me was kind of like getting a Post-It note that you could take care of once you have the moment to.  Or it was a way to communicate without interrupting somebody who might be in a meeting.  But I think for some people texting is just a way of getting information quickly or socializing. 

 For me I don't know... it's just like another interruption to my already chaotic brain.  So if I'm not doing anything... great! I'll have a text conversation, but if I am... I might not get back to you instantly or send a "get back to you" text.  
Let's be honest if I text you back right away there's a high chance that I was sitting on the toilet scrolling, doing nothing in particular. 😂

Anyway that might be one of my cultural (Im old) differences.  Does anybody else feel like they're in this weird limbo of how they think of texting?

 Does anyone else have text guilt?