How Do I Move On When This Person is MY PERSON &amp; I Don’t Want Anyone Else?
Backstory, Me (F 44) and this person (M, 42) was my first everything when we were teenagers. We went our separate ways after almost four years together. We both got married to other people, had children and got divorced at around the same time. We live about two blocks away from each other however from the time we broke up in our early 20’s to the summer of 2020, we didn’t speak, not once. We ended up together as if mountains moved for us to try again. Once things became more serious, he started letting me down more and my reactions to those disappointments became more vocally expressed. Two almost back to back instances occurred this past October which rattled my faith in love and in people in general. I had an instance of DV with my ex husband which naturally in turn I tried to reach out to my person for help and support. He wasn’t there. He said he was ‘sleeping’, didn’t hear my repeated calls and texts to him for help after earlier in the day, promising to always have my back. The next day, he blamed me for what happened and seemed more upset about my fury of texts than my well being. A couple weeks later, he told me he was staying home to spend time catching up with his teen daughters. Ok. I was asked by my parents to come over. They proceeded to tell me my father has been diagnosed with cancer. I felt like my world was shattered bc my dad and I are so close. I looked again to this person for support and found out he was out drinking instead of being home like he said. I reacted to him lying without having a chance to tell him about my dad. He then blocked me from all communication. I tried to speak to him in person but that crashed and burned. He is refusing to give me back the stuff that was left at his home so I’m forced to take him to small claims court. I’m not sure that’s a good idea but I’m left with no choice. The thing is I’m MISERABLE while his life is just peachy. I want nothing to do with anything anymore. I don’t even want to celebrate the holidays. My friends have given me the ‘he’s not a good person, you’re better off’ speech repeatedly but it does no good. I love this person with my whole heart. I cry every day. I know reacting isn’t right but when someone says they have your back and then let you down in the worst ways then refuse to take ownership or accountability, it has made me lose all hope in love and in other people. We talked of marriage, our children coming together, the greatest comeback story two people ever had. Now, nothing. I’m too close to the situation to have any sort of clarity. Yes I’m in therapy for abandonment issues. I know that’s part of this. Any perspective is appreciated because I feel like I’m at a loss. How do I move on when he’s the one I feel like I truly belong with?

TL; DR: Guy let me down but I still want him in my life. As corny as it sounds, I know it’s destiny.