i [30m] need advice on my next step with this woman that I'm smitten by [30F]
Hi ya'll. 

I need some advice and I would greatly appreciate if you have any input for me for my next step. 

Short version is I have a FWB, we've been going out for 4 weeks or so, we enjoy each other's time, we had wholesome moments, and have gotten intimate on details about our past and each other. I recently had feelings unlocked that I haven't had for a long time, and in my gut tells me that this girl would be someone for me, and I want to see this possibility through. 

However the past couple of weeks weren't so great, she got busy with grad school, taking care of her daughter among other things. However during that time frame, I saw photos of another guy thats in her circle of friends, and recently what hurt me was that there was expressed interested in said guy. Lord knows what happened during those couple of weeks but suffice to say we haven't been in much contact and I've been left in the dark which I don't quite appreciate. 

Despite all the pain this past weekend, yesterday I had a sudden surge of energy out of nowhere and confidence that I'm definitely going to see this girl again, and I want to take the next step with her, date and be exclusive with her. 

Am I being delusional? I've been wrapping my head around this sudden wave of positive energy, and I don't know where it came from. It has never happened to me like this before.

I want to send her a text, putting my cards on the table, be up front with my feelings etc. My intentions of what I want to do and if that's something she wants to pursue as well. It's been something that has been on my mind today, and I feel like this is something I want to voice out to her so its known. Partly because of my own mental health too, and I don't want to regret not taking a chance on something that I'm confident would be a great relationship to adventure the unknown.

She said at the beginning she didn't have the capacity for a relationship however what i saw on her socials web camming with this guy she has some feelings for questioned that.

I know for a fact we enjoyed each other's company and the way we interact with each other feels more than any ordinary FWB relationship. It's been on my mind and while I'm kinda set on doing this, how would you react? It seems like for her and this guy it might still be early as its only been a few weeks since this all transpired. 

TLDR: I have feelings for this girl who I firmly believe is the one for me, but right now she's kinda seeing someone else (idk local or not) thats in her friend's circle. I want to shoot my shot, and appreciate some input.