What do I do to get her back? Need your advice and help Thanks in advance
So me and my ex were together from 2018-March 2021. We met each other in college and hit it off. The problem with our relationship was that it was the never the same after college which was 2019. Meaning after going back home,  (graduated) she barely had time to see me and the sex was every 2 or 3 weeks, sometimes even a month. I was always complaining about it a lot and she tolerated it in the beginning but got frustrated the more and more I complained about it. She even told me I should be grateful for those times I saw her even though we lived 5 miles away from each other. For about a year we argued on and off about this and she would tell me to “ go find better “ or “ I’m not enough for you”. The problem was she was enough for me. When we saw each other it was the best, we always clicked. We would argue and I was always convincing her after every argument that she was enough and then the argument would end until the next one 3 or 4 weeks later. 

So Feb 2021 we had a great Valentine’s Day weekend everything was perfect and there was no complaints. 3 weeks go by and I still haven’t seen my girl since that weekend. So I brought it up as a question “ when will I see you again babe?”. She goes on a spill about “  you see nothing ever satisfies you” “ your always going to find something wrong I do “. After that conversation she broke up with me for first time in 2 and half years . She told me that I thought I was perfect and I came to her house to spend time and gave her gifts for my ego. She always got mad but I never heard her actually mean her words about being done. I was devastated and I was trying to get her back but she wasn’t moving from that decision. So May 2021 I convinced her to hear me out. She wanted to give us a shot but not have a title. This is where everything is weird for me. So we agreed to not talk to other people or have sex with other people. So we’re doing this talking thing she wants, but the thing was when we’re out she referred to me as her bf but when I asked if we were back together she would tell me “ I like where we’re at but your still not my boyfriend. We were doing good until I asked again and then she proceeded to ghost me for about 2 weeks. I felt like I was worth nothing . 

So in those two weeks I downloaded this app where they give a service called GFE ( Girlfriend experience). They text you like they are your girlfriend and they talk to you explicitly about things. There were no meetups involved. 2 weeks after I worked it out with my ex again and we were good from June until the first week of October. This is where I messed up, I got cool with the girl from the service and the last two weeks in September she reached out and I had conversations about regular things like video games and sports but we also kept the explicit talk up. Mind you I haven’t talked this girl since June and the talks always came with a scenario about meeting up ( which I never did  and or wasn’t planning on it ). So October 1st my ex slept over my house for the first time in a year. I was excited, I was thrilled . Prior to that day of her coming to my house those  three weeks were the best we had all year . No arguing and just enjoying each other’s time. 

So she came over and I ordered food from Ubereats. So while we were waiting my phone was going off and it was the girl. She was texting me about the Brooklyn Nets game and it was a regular conversation until she said “ I can’t wait to see you Thursday”. I was going to see Venom 2 that Thursday I wasn’t even seeing my ex that day, so I realize it was the explicit talk not a real meetup she was referring to. So I go downstairs to get the food without my phone and I come back  and for the moment everything is fine. Until she asked me “ would you tell me if you were talking to anyone I replied “ yes “ she then asked me that question again two different ways and my answer was “ yes “ both times. In my head the definition of talking was getting to know someone for dating and or meeting up to have sex. 

So I shrug it off and we enjoy our food , watched a movie , have sex and then went to sleep. That next morning she’s weirdly quiet. I asked her what was wrong. She then calls me a cheater and a liar. She believed through the text that I was going to see this girl that Thursday and that I was “fucking her all this time.” My response to her was “I’m not meeting this girl and I only started communication with this girl when you broke it off again and haven’t been in communication with girl from June until she hit me up in September . I didn’t know in that time if she was coming back and I wanted to feel wanted. She said we are practically back together so you cheated. Since that day I’ve been trying to work on things but she can’t get over the texts. I’m in the process of no contact. And will give her the time she needs in a month or two I wanted to send her a accountability letter . What’s y’all  advice for me.