can’t stop thinking about my ex/first love. we dated for over 1.5 years and broke up in 2016
hi all. i am in need of advice. i’m currently a 23F, and my ex is currently a 25M. we started dating in 2014 when i was 16 and he was 18.

long story short, i broke up with him after just over a year and a half of dating. he didn’t want to break up. he was my first love, took my virginity, and was always a gentleman. i could be my 100% self with him always. i just kind of lost a romantic connection, and i was going to college soon and wanted to see what was out there.

it’s important to note that since we started dating, our parents obviously met and have been best friends since. our parents hang out nearly every weekend. because of this, him and i still see each other here and there (it’s not awkward at all but was right after the breakup), always know what’s going on in each other’s lives without directly talking, and even go on trips with our parents and spend christmas together.

i never thought i would want to get back together with my ex. however, i can’t get him off my mind for the last twoish weeks. i want to try and catch up and see where it goes.. possibly get back together if all goes well on both ends. i’ve been dying to text him but have refrained for fear of rejection and/or awkwardness. 

i’ll see him this month once or twice, for sure on christmas but maybe the weekend before when his parents, my parents, and i go to chicago (he lives there). should i text him and see where the conversation goes? wait to see him in person? i might be overthinking this. i just want it to go well. i don’t wanna be like, “hey i miss you so much” and scare him off, but i also want to be honest eventually.

edit to add: we’ve both dated other people after we broke up. after reflecting the last few weeks, i think i fucked up. he’s the only guy i’ve dated or talked to that was everything a girl could want! i was just young, immature, and naive when we dated and couldn’t see into the future and bigger picture.