I’m feeling torn about possibly bringing life into this alone.
Hi guys I am 24 F. My husband is 26 and has his last shot at the Olympic trials he is going to try outs a week before our first baby is due and will be out of town for 3 days and has to fly to be there. I am feeling torn because this is his dream I knew of his dreams when we were just friends, before we even started dating I am so supportive and know what this opportunity means for him. I share this passion with him but I lost my mom and my aunt two women I am EXTREMELY close to and my family has been completely ruined due to these deaths and we no longer are really communicating, so I don’t really have family who have my back. I try but they are “too sad” all the time I get it me too but why do we have to separate as a family. 

My family crumbling has made my relationship with my husband even stronger we now have built something so amazing and that will never be broken, with that being said I really only have him that is stable and strong at this time in my life. I am worried I will go into labor while he is gone the baby is due earlier than my original due date now because of his measurements the entire pregnancy. I don’t have my mother to call if I do go into labor and I don’t have my aunt who I’d want by my side if my mother couldn’t be there… my husband makes me feel safe/strong/comfortable especially in times of distress. I know I can do this by myself, it just feels extra lonesome now that there’s a chance my husband will not be by my side. I want him to do this for him as it may be his last shot, but I can’t help to feel like I’ll be alone during this most important time of my life I never pictured being alone while bringing life into this world. I just need to vent and get this out. At the end of the day who knows this baby might not even be born during this time it’s just so close to the due date and that scares me. I need to get this out of me I’ve expressed how I feel to my hubby but I told him he should go and do this he’s worked all his life for it since I know what this means to him, I fully support him in doing this and I’m very excited for him. Im just having a day thinking about my own wants and feeling like I’m on an island.