my anxiety holds me back so much, even in saying things I really want to say, like “I love you.”
my boyfriend (22M) and I (22F) have been dating officially for a year in early january. We also “talked”/exclusively dated without labels for four months before that. we have what I think is a good, healthy relationship. he lives two hours away and so I see him most weekends for three days, sometimes four if I don’t have class on mondays. I’m in my first semester of grad school and he’s just finishing up his undergrad. 

however, we haven’t said I love you yet. I’ve felt it for a while but I have anxiety and it’s hard for me to make big first moves like that. I’ve been trying so hard to work up the courage to say it because I want him to know he’s loved by me, even though I express it in other ways like through actions. I’m also very much a words of affirmation type of person. I love to hear “I’m proud of you,” “I love you,” compliments, stuff like that. It’s one of the main ways I feel loved. 

I definitely feel like my boyfriend expresses love for me through actions more, which is fine, but I’d like to hear more words. I would like to say I love you first since he made the other first moves (typical “man” first moves-asking me out, initiating sex first). I think it would make him feel very appreciated which I want. I’m just struggling with the anxiety of saying it and not hearing it back, or saying it and it feeling awkward. Even though rationally I know that’s probably not going to happen. 

we just went on a road trip over thanksgiving break. I know a lot of people say go on a trip with your partner to see what they’re really like and it was a super fun experience. We don’t really argue. Sometimes we’ll do things that get on each other’s nerves but we never yell or even really argue like I said. Sometimes he gets frustrated with me because he wants me to assert my opinions more-it’s something I’m working on. I grew up with an anxiety disorder and even after therapy and working on myself I have some ingrained insecurities that I have to work on. 

He does things like replacing my windshield wipers on my car for me, he gets me thoughtful gifts for occasions, I’ve met his family (except his sister who I am meeting in about two weeks), he’s met my family. I basically live at his apartment for half the week (we would rather me go to his because I live in a shitty apartment with no central ac/heat and the roof leaks). 

I do think he loves me and I’m ready to express it, I just need to get over the fear of rejection I guess. I feel like our relationship has moved slow-took four months for him to ask me to be his girlfriend, another six for him to meet my family, that it scares me and makes me think, what if I am moving too fast for him? 

I have a cat that he loves so much and I’ll say it from her perspective, “She said love you,” “she loves you” kind of thing. That sounds stupid but it happens. It’s gotten to the point where I squeeze his hand three times in a row and in my head I’m telling him I love you with that. 

 He’s graduating from college in two weeks and I thought about writing it in his card. It’s hard because one of my good friends has been dating a guy for about a month and he’s already said I love you. I just feel behind. I want to start discussing the future more in depth with him. I think he wants me to be a part of his future because we’ve talked loosely about what we think of moving in with your partner/children etc. the other day he asked me if it would be possible for me to transfer grad schools, because we were both talking about how we want to move to a different city. I want to be a part of his future but I feel like me not expressing how I feel is holding it back. I want to start talking about the potential of moving in together etc. 

Should I write it in his graduation card or just say it to him randomly? Part of it is that I feel like it should be at a perfect, romantic moment, but when you build it up like that, that moment seems to never come. 

TL;DR: scared to say I love you to my boyfriend. It’s affecting how I view the relationship and making me anxious. I need some encouragement