For as long as I can remember, I've never felt a close to bond to my immediate family.
As above, however will preface this with saying my mum is super loving and caring. Would go out of her way to help me and has recently been there for me through a really tough breakup. I've moved home and have been living with her for the past 2 month due to my break up, however I am moving out into my own apartment next week.

However , for as long as I can remember I've never really felt close to her , my dad or my 2 younger sisters. When I was 13, I went to boarding school as I grew up in a part of rural Australia, nearest high school was 45 minutes away and not very good. I have 2 younger sisters, one is 26 and the other one is 23. Both of them are really close and will regularly catch up and won't invite me.

If anything, I feel a lot closer to my Aunty, uncle and cousins (similar age to me). I lean on my Aunt a lot and jokingly consider her my second mum. I've come to the realisation since my break up that emotionally I feel a lot more connected to her than my mum and she really gets me.

My Dad left my mum for another woman when I was 21 so I guess you could say I've always resented him for that. He also used to be constantly on my case about working on our family farm and earning money. Would constantly call me lazy for not working when I was on my school break or university break, when I literally just wanted to chill out for a bit and have some down time. Most of the time I would end up working for him but it wasnt worth it for me, just due to the fact he would constantly be abusing me and for not doing a good enough job and it really stressed me out.

I worked multiple jobs when at university and never once asked for money or anything like that. I always felt my sisters never were spoken to like this by my dad and pretty much used to sit around and do nothing when on their uni/school break.

My youngest sister also speaks to me really rudely over the most simple things, such as leaving a cup in the sink or a particular way I cook dinner. My aunty (the one I am very close with) has told me to state calmly that her behaviour is rude and inappropriate, and that I won't engage. I've started doing this but found every time I do it, she runs straight to either my mum or dad and tells them, which I find pretty ridiculous for someone that is 23. I feel like she tries to bait me, then will run and tell someone about it. My aunt seems to think it may stem from jealousy (not to blow my own trumpet but I've played sport at quite a high level, finished a university degree and have a successful career which i love). My sister does the odd babysitting job here and there, lives at home with my mum , has started and stopped a few university degrees (shes now part way through completing a nursing degree) but has always seemed to lack motivation.

I am seeing a therapist at the moment (long overdue) to deal with my break up and also issues with my Dad 

Anyway, sorry for the long post and would be really interested to hear everyones thoughts.