Claims Supervisor potentially looking for new career...any recommendations?
Hey all,

Hoping to find some advice or see where others may have found success.

I'm a supervisor in insurance auto claims for one of the major insurance companies, and I lead a team of insurance fraud investigators (inside claims, not outside SIU). I was a claims investigator myself and enjoyed the position as a rep for 5 years, and I've been in the supervisor role for a little over 2 years. Skills-wise, I like to think I'm a positive leader and I was a great invesitgator; I handled a lot of fraudulent claims, in which I routinely took long, complex statements from difficult people and now I teach those techniques to my employees. I'm good with thinking outside the box and reading people. I make decent money (about $100k/yr) and I dont HATE my job...I actually love my coworkers and the culture but I just have this itch to do more and make more of an impact, and certainly earn more. 

The catch here is I'm not quite sure where I can utilize my skills to make the most impact and also get paid equally as well or preferably more. I love working from home and due to eye issues I can't actively travel much as driving at night is challenging. I have Bachelors Degree in business but I doubt that means anything anymore. I loved doing investigations and "catching the bad guy", but I cant just up and join the FBI due to medical limitations. So...I'm just kind of lost at what options are out there. Staying in my job isn't the worst thing, and I'm very grateful for where I'm at in life at my age...I just yearn for more money and doing more work that has a bigger impact on the world (eliminating fraud/bad people). 

I'd like to get an idea as to where most people who may have been in my shoes, as a supervisor and/or an investigator have found a morally and financially rewarding position. 

I unfortunately don't have many technical skills...I certainly can use a computer and learn quickly for things such MS Office (cliche, I know). I only got a business degree from college in sports management, but there's no careers there that aren't sales. I worked in sales briefly and HATED it. 

Sorry if it seems I'm reaching...I'm just a bit burnt out and depressed with my current job. Hours are a bit longer than I'd like which takes away from time with spouse and family. Thanks for any feedback or ideas.