Dilemma between $$ new job or remote work business. Advice?
Hi.  I have dilemma or two choices I can make now. I feel like I know what most folks here may say, but thought I'd test the waters.

Option 1:  I just got a job offer in my current city where I'd be making substantially more $$.  It's in an office, a relatively short commute.  

1 Pros: $$$, security, familiar city,  near sister, I could work this job for a year, save $$, and in off hours grow my business more.

1 Cons:  I'd work near my recent Ex (painful break up), I've lived in this city for a decade+ and have few friends or reasons to stay here other than liking this city.  I want to change my career in my 30s rather than continue down this same path until I'm 50, 60, ....

Option 2:  Travel and focus more on my business.  I have been writing for years, but freelancing (content &amp; some copy) now since 2020 and actually started making some 'good money.'  I got sued in Sept. '21. It's resolved now, but it forced me to cancel Fall travel plans.  Now 2022 is 'wide open' and I was considering living in and working remote in Mexico for some time besides other places.  

2 Pros:  I've put off long term travel for years, now I probably can.  I could put in more time &amp; energy &amp; potentially scale my writing business.  Cost of Living in Mexico is much lower than my current city.

2 Cons:  financial security, there's no guarantee that I will make much more than I do now or on any consistent basis.  What if I'm robbed or the unforeseen happens?  There's no going back to my other career if I do this?  My Mom &amp; sister already think I'm crazy when I talk about moving to Mexico. 'Isn't it dangerous? Don't you want to be close to your family?' etc.  Dating? I'm worried I'm getting too old to meet a potential long term partner at 36 &amp; while traveling. Crazy?

Covid:  Anyone get sequestered someplace because of a positive test result?  My Mom and sister both watch mainstream media.  They are totally paranoid about the virus. Granted it does kill people. My Mom is old, my sister has kids.  They're telling me "you'll get the Virus &amp; likely be stuck in Mexico or die!"  Crazy?

Maybe it's clear?  I don't trust my intuition or I tend to be vary logical in my decision making.  Also, I think I have the 'voices of my parents in my head' or I've internalized the fear of risk taking, anxiety, etc.  I can financially justify Option 2, but there's no guarantee I'll ever make much more $$ than I do now.   I think I need to try Tim Ferris's 'Fear Setting' exercise on paper. 

Any advice is appreciated. Thanks