Looking for advice for a friend who was taken advantage of by a client who decided to go "in a different direction" after weeks of work?
Hi everyone! I hope it is appropriate to ask this here but I am looking for some advice for an artist friend who was recently taken advantage of.

My friend is a “semi-professional” artist; she doesn’t do this for a living but she does commission work every now and again. 

Recently she got involved in a project that she felt a personal connection to and unfortunately got burned. She was approached by a media company that was doing a marketing campaign for an author’s new book and was looking for some promotional art. 

In the beginning, they seemed to love her art style, she shared her portfolio with them so they were fully aware of her capabilities/limitations. Over the following weeks, they started giving her prompts and requests for her to draw. 

She began working on these samples and, as I mentioned because she felt a personal connection to the source material, started doing some world-building. 

She was really excited about the project and they went back and forth, them making suggestions and her making adjustments. During this time they never said anything to suggest they were dissatisfied with her work. 

That was until a couple of days ago when out of nowhere she gets an email from the manager saying her style isn’t what they are looking for and they are going in a different direction. 

Right now she is at a loss of what to do. While there was no contract, the email chain established a clear intent to hire her, and the samples were basically commissioned work. Now they are backing out without paying her for the work she has already completed.

So my questions are this:

What is the best way to tell the manager/media company, “Hey, I put a lot of effort into the work you requested? My time isn’t free.”

\-How much should she charge for the work she already delivered?

\-Should she, and how much should she charge for her time? They went back and forth for several weeks. That could have been time put towards other projects.

\-Should she charge, and again how much, for the world-building work she did?

My friend is also worried they will use her work without paying her, so if they do end up refusing to pay, what’s the best way to say, “I still own the copyright for the work delivered and the world-building” professionally. 

Finally, what’s a polite/professional way of saying, “Hey, I know what you’re doing. You can’t go around stealing work and taking advantage of desperate artists with the promise of work.” It is very obvious that the client was shopping around and is trying to lie, cheat and steal to avoid paying for the art they already received. 

If anyone has samples/references of similar letters, please let me know! We both suck at letter crafting and don’t know what to say :x