ADVICE PLEASE? How to Find Good REFERENCES to provide? In an odd situation, including Domestic Violence.
Hi,  I just read about "How to Ask for References," but they didn't address any out-of-the-norm situations like mine! Help!...Advice please? Thank You!!


(1.)   
I'm wondering, WHAT DO YOU DO, IF YOU have always performed very well, (as a (nonprofit) Accounting Manager/Grant Accountant, for ~10+ yrs), and have stayed at each job for roughly 3-5 years on average, but sadly TEND TO LEAVE ON NOT THE BEST OF TERMS, recently? 

Ie, What do you do if you expect or fear bad references from your last 2 and ONLY former direct supervisors in the past 10 years?? ... (Help!)

...Would you (A) dig up ancient connections that would speak glowingly of you?  Or would you (B) expand your reference requests to include colleagues other than your former direct supervisors?  If so, how would you explain why they're not from your supervisors?  Or would you (C) search out, find, contact and try to directly redress the (unspoken) situation with a former employer, who loved you until the last few months before you had to quit? 


(2.)   
What happened was:  I had to resign from my last FT job, which I loved (but maybe didn't appreciate enough), because I could not find infant daycare before my maternity leave was up, which had been shortened by medical necessity of having to use it in place of short-term disability for complications during my pregnancy.  Then they needed a hard date when I would return, but I didn't know one, being also suddenly overwhelmed by not just being a new mother, but by shenanigans my husband was suddenly up to, messing with my relationship with my landlord of 11 years. Plus, they at work somehow sounded upset/angry, as if I might be fired! Although I didn't understand why?! Or if it was just my imagination?  Meanwhile, I was being subtly controlled and gaslighted by my husband-to-be. I wish I hadn't resigned, but for some reason I did.

So, if you believe this former employer would currently only provide a tepid reference for you at best, (I believe so because of something that surprised me when I *did use her as a reference. They said she basically refused, saying that by state law she can't, for some reason? Then when I asked her by email afterward &amp; after some short emailing back and forth 1st, she did not respond to my direct question.) I was already employed though, so I left it alone, with confusion and despair over the future.

...Aka:  Would you boldly try to redress and reconcile the past??  (And if so, would you do it over email?? Although Reluctantly!  And with difficulty! Because you have no way to meet in person, believing she likely wouldn't accept an invite to an in-person coffee.)  So perhaps via email, you could somehow offer her/them insight into the questioned behavior of yours at the time? Delicate and difficult a topic as it is! ...And what about things that were left unsaid??  


(3.)  
Aka, I believe she once saw me running an errand for my then-fiance, who had recently gained control over everything I did, and so she somehow thought I was faking my injury (I was not– but I had to be on painkillers in order to walk, which made my work inaccurate.) and somehow therefore also thought I had a drug habit, because of seeing me on the train going somewhere. When in fact I was supporting *his habit, why I don't know, for reasons of coersion and gaslighting I believe, but which I still don't even quite understand myself.

For example, specifically:   I know that my best &amp; favorite former employer (her/them, above) was worried that I was using substances during my last month there before I had to quit, after I had fallen in love with my then-fiancé/now ex-husband;  She had once stopped in my office and offered help, saying she had experience working in rehabs.  I had *thought at the time, that she must have meant as in support for me in helping my fiancé with his problem. In retrospect I think she meant me. Unfortunately I clammed up, being naturally shy, instead of opening up.  

However, her belief that *I* was using something, was *not the truth or reality.  (I thought she knew that I had begun to be prescribed percocet so that I could walk and function.)  Instead, the reality was that after that, after I thought he had stopped his pill using, my then-fiancé had a drug habit/heroin addiction that I was unaware of, and only found out about it years later, when he admitted it.  But yet which had still been affecting my life too. So the reality was not that *I was using anything, but actually involved domestic abuse and it's related coersion, which I wasn't even aware of at the time. 

Now divorced, I have had a restraining order against him for the past 5 years. I also just finished a grisly, exhausting, lengthy custody battle, in which I won all custody rights.  So, this is all pretty sensitive and generally TMI for an email to a semi- old professional contact!  Am I right?


(4.)   
Also, here's another difficulty I'm having with finding employment again &amp; continuing my career:  How to explain my years not working in between?? (reality = bc of DV &amp; its fallout) 

Since that job and my daughter's birth, are 4 years + 4 years that I've somehow spent not working despite my efforts to do so. These are also the 1st years I've ever not worked since I was 16. (2011-2015 + 2018-2021.) These were at first due to a horror show that my narcissist &amp; sociopathic ex-husband put us through, annihilating my &amp; our daughter's lives to smithereens, wherein I lost everything, even my identity, and is so embarrassing that I haven't wanted to talk about it with anybody. So that I haven't spoken to almost any/all of my old friends, from whom he caused me to distance myself (by "not getting along" with them &amp; forcing me to choose), due to embarrassment and difficulty with explaining how bad it ended up being, or how the heck it even happened at all.) 

So how would YOU handle it??  How do I proceed without good references?   I have been job seeking, need to support my daughter &amp; I, as I can live in poverty no longer, yet I don't have good references to provide. 


(5.)  
I should also mention that I did try getting a new part-time bookkeeping job (2015–2018/3 yrs) mainly JUST to gain a good reference, but that didn't work out well either!  It was actually extremely toxic, and they even ended up firing me (never been let go before) based on something untrue/ without an investigation or even hearing my side of it; basically based on gossip and on unprofessional ways.  But mainly had been due to their frustration with my time in court getting the R.O. &amp; due to some limits on my availability as a single mother, (during repeated schoolbus transportation issues) without backup support, &amp; without means. And coinciding at one point with one of our annual audits. 

Even though I had done tremendous work whipping their incomplete and incoherent books into shape, and made them auditable for the 1st time, such that they'd given me a slight raise. Anyways. They also were mainly saying I didn't work enough hours; However, I can prove that is not true, with just my W-2's/total hours reported and math, and backing out my accrued/paid time off.

Sadly, that most recent former employer of mine also was deluded similarly to my former/favorite employer and favorite job. That's not out of left field actually, because part of a DV perp's m.o.'s are a smear campaign, with the goal (often-successful) of convincing even you of the insane things they accuse you of, and say about you to others, after the fairy-tale period ends. I eventually found out in 2018 that, due to prejudiced ideas and a lack of active listening by my boss/the Exec Dir. (who then told the Board &amp; staff), she had been under the false impression that I was a drug addict, for the whole 3 years that I worked there!! –Which I have *never even been!!– (Although my husband *was, behind my back/without my knowledge.) 

She thought I had actually said I was one, but that is NOT what I had said, at all; and is far from the truth &amp; from what my point was. As if she had simply stopped listening.–  Which belief of theirs was quite destructive and toxic, ending badly with childish accusations on their part. 

They even went so far as to challenge my unemployment claim, trying to ensure I wouldn't get it, even though it gets paid out of a state pool &amp; not from their pockets!!  Like, Why?? (...Spiteful much? Even though WRONG??...)

I had never understood why they were so weird, now I do.  Painful.  Although, they did just recently ask me to come back, toxic though they were. (I didn't respond.)


(6.)  
What the heck do I say when I am ALSO asked about WHY I WASN'T WORKING while I was a new mother and then a newly single mother?  

Currently I say because I couldn't find infant daycare, which is only part of the truth.  (Leaving out the becoming homeless part, which was shattering and due directly to my ex-husband's continual sabotage,¹ + lies about who he was; along with the coersion, intimidation, gaslighting &amp; control that accompanies domestic abuse.) (He eventually tried to kill me, and in front of our 1 yo daughter.)  Further, I have learned that I want to keep this DV part private. Stigma and all. And uneducated assumptions.

¹ [Sabotage, E.g. of: (1) my gorgeous apartment and 
my 11-year good tenancy, and (2) of a court case HE started, then kept me out of, &amp; wouldn't let me speak to our lawyer, &amp; then dropped it in my lap &amp; refused to show up to court for, resulting in my/our eviction for non-payment, (3) while I had only asked for us to rely on HIS income alone for just 4 weeks, after I had continued to be our main support throughout my pregnancy. The 4 weeks would not have been difficult, I mapped it out of course, and it would have worked out easily and fine. (Only I didn't know he had a drug habit to support also.) Except that during those 4 weeks he supposedly had a "meltdown" /or a psychotic break, and he *quit his job.*  (Great timing, asshole!)  While supporting his wife and new baby for just 4 freaking weeks.  Despite my having paid over $11k in support of *him* over the past 2 yrs;  and (4) sabotage of a cheaper apartment I had found for us, even secured for us, and in time! Which would have been great, except that he refused to go or to cooperate. Insisting instead that we move in with his brother &amp; his bro's gf, where we were supposedly "welcome." (We were not, as it turned out.) ]

So mainly I have been using that time not working (after 1st trying to keep up with being shocked+confused, &amp; since regaining my independence), fighting to protect myself, and then fighting to protect my daughter.

[NOTE:  I am sorry for the length of this post. And if it's scattered or missing some basic info I've forgotten. I do still have some PTSD &amp; so have a hard time summarizing or being clear when talking about these traumatic events.]


(7.)  
** I do not know how to re-enter the workforce and continue my career without these 2 References!! **

My only idea now, is maybe a temp-to-perm position? Wherein they would be their own reference in a way.  If I even passed the 1st screen without good or relevant references...?

Thank you very much for any and all feedback!! I am SO grateful. I love reddit, and appreciate your reading this and taking the time to answer!  With thanks.💕

–GettingBackOnHerFeet