Trying to get a business analyst position
This one is going to be a long one and I'm not entirely sure if this is the right board to ask.

I graduated in 2015 with a BS in Computer Engineering. I really tried to find a career field that I enjoyed but to no avail. And to be honest my last year of schooling was when I realized that I made a mistake. I went through with it anyway since I was almost done.

I quit my last Engineering job in 2019 to start my own business in real estate and then covid hit. Things didn't go as planned and being self employed with no health insurance during the pandemic, I jumped at the first job opportunity that was real estate related.

I'm currently in an accounting position at a title office and I feel like I hit a dead end. I'm educated but working a job that doesn't require the level of education I have. I feel like this isn't challenging enough for me and I feel depressed.

Years ago after I graduated college I actually got offered a business analyst position because it peaked my interest but I would have to move to PA from TX as a single mom for a couple months for intense training. I couldn't do it at the time and definitely regret my decision. Maybe I could have made it work. Idk.

Fast forward to now, stuck at my dead end job and I'm trying to decide what my next move should be. I've applied to some BA positions but I doubt I'll get an offer. I don't have the experience and I got my degree so long ago. I feel it's going to be detrimental for me.

I've really been considering going back to school. I've looking into several online programs to get a MS in Data Analytics/Business Analytics, it sounds like my BS in Comp Eng is actually pretty helpful to get me in the programs. I've really been thinking about it and have made move to apply. But now I'm second  guessing my self whether I should go for a second Bachelors and go for a bachelor's in Business Analytics instead.

Anyone in the field currently or hiring managers that could chime in?