Help! What should I do with my life?
Hello. I (17M) am a high school student from Colombia and I’m kinda lost rn, so I decided to come here for some advice. I am a bit nervous about this future thing.

So, where am I right now? 

Well, I’m graduating from school in June. I have pretty clear what I want to study (Computer Science or Math or both or maybe some other engineering). I speak Spanish, Italian, English and a bit of German. I am not amazingly wealthy but my family earns in Colombian pesos, which is like a shit tier currency so I can’t expect a lot of financial support from them, specially in foreign countries. To help you imagine my situation my mother, whom has a pretty high ranking job in the education sector, earns 1500 dollars a mont. My father earns a bit more but the point is clear, money is not abundant. I have good grades even if my work ethic is nonexistent and I spend most of my time watching YouTube and playing videogames. I am specially good at English (it is really easy if you can just understand basic vocabulary), Maths, Physics, Informatics and Spanish. I have a basic understanding of coding and did an internship in a small software company. I was miserable while working on there, but I think it was mostly due to my poor work ethic and not understanding completely the subject in question (I had to document some micro services in Springboot using Swagger). What else, what else? I have several extracurricular activities such as student representative, athletics practice, participation in several U.N. models, founder of debate, literature and cinema clubs, social service specially working with children from poor families, I have won several essay and short story prizes in inter school competitions, studied German and have done the internship mentioned before. Oh, I have also done several short films but they are not great. 

What are my objectives?

Well, ignoring the unavoidable societal collapse during in the next 30 years I want to have a job which would let me live comfortably since the beginning. I also would like to do something stimulating with management involved. I think engineering carriers are check all this marks so is kinda the path that I am more likely to choose. I also want to leave Colombia. Like rn. So studying outside is fundamental for me. I really have to leave.

Where do I need the advice?

Well, I have several questions for which I would like to get answers. Firstly is where should I study. I’ve been looking at Italian universities like La Sapienza and the Politecnico di Milano and they rank pretty high among the top universities, around 40 in maths and CS. Other places are also possible and my last option is the university of Andes here in Colombia. Which University would you recommend for this subjects (extra points if it is public, has a great scholarship program or is really cheap). I also like to build things with Arduino so I don’t know if something related to that could be a career path to follow (like designing computer parts or something like that). Another possible carrier path is cybersecurity. I am really interested in encryption methods and cryptography and I’m not really interested in becoming a code monkey so something related to the design of this algorithms could be interesting. Also I wanted to ask about employment opportunities for pure mathematicians outside of the academic world. What works can they perform and which companies are employing them? 

So yeah, I’m really lost. Any help is appreciated. Also thank you for standing my kinda awful English.