Will the fact that i'm from a third world country limit future opportunies?
Hi,

(English is not my first language, please forgive any mistakes i might make)

Not sure if this is the right sub to talk about this but i'm honestly frustrated and not sure where else to go.

So, i'm in my final year in college. I'm studying Software engineering. For the past couple of months, i've been looking for an internship opportunity. I've had a couple offers in my country but like most students in third world countries, i was looking for an apportunity elsewhere, mainly in europe.

&amp;#x200B;

Earlier this month, i got an interview with a big company in France, and i was so excitied about it. I  dedicated most of my time preparing for it. I passed two interviews and i got an offer . Everything was fine until today someone from HR called and said they chose someone else for the role. I explained that i already got an offer but they said that the reason that they chose to go back on that was the fact that i was not french.

Obviously not his exact words. What he said was " Most of the time we prefer to hire our interns after the internship period but since you do not go to a french university we chose someone else. I apologize for the mistake blah blah"

I felt insulted. I was more than qualified for the role. I passed every interview , i got an offer and then got rejected. I'm not sure if this is common or not especially that the offer did not specifiy a certain nationality or location to apply.

&amp;#x200B;

My concern that this will happen again or i won't be given a chance based on where i come from. 

I'm considering applying for graduate positions next year and even trying my luck with FANG and other big companies but i'm honestly not sure if i even have a chance especially being fresh out of college.

&amp;#x200B;

I guess my question is : should i stay in my country for a couple years, gain more experience and then apply elsewhere or keep trying to apply in different countries?