Should I Make This Transition?
I’ve been working in after school club for two years. More and more so recently, the flaws and cracks have been made more evident to me, and when our care inspector came by we scored so lowly. Here are some issues that I’ve listed: 

**Not getting a contract for two years of working with them, after being told multiple times that we would soon (should’ve been done after three months) gave one to a new start pretty much straight away after he threatened to leave otherwise.

Been not paid for being off sick, then told the same month in which I had been off a week sick, in a team meeting, and it wasn’t even directed at me, that we’d need a sickline if we wanted to paid those hours. Never been told that before when I had been off work for a week sick, and had not been paid those tines. *Blank* was paid when she was off a week sick cuz they ‘put the wages through anyway’ ?!

Been blamed on us multiple times for not having enough resources out when the care inspectors came, yet previous days the resources were deemed to be enough 

Half the time sitting having teas and coffee and stuff while we are busy in the gym hall. Or people like *blank* or whatever will be doing that with them while I’m working hard.

******
And so many more.

So considering all of this, I put in my CV to a few nurseries for the opportunity of more full time childcare and straight away got three interviews. I was almost worried today that I’d be too good at my interview and get the job (I’m very good at answering interview questions especially in regards to childcare, I know my stuff. I have two years of experience and I’m qualified. I also have a friendly, bubbly attitude that wares well in this job field). And I’ve been given the call to say that they’ve offered me the job. I told them I’d get back to them at the end of the week. I’m freaking out.

I’m just worried that I won’t be accustomed to this new work environment as I’m used to working with primary school aged children, and 16 hours a week within that job also. This job has children from 0-5 and starts off with 30 hours a week, (I don’t think I’d like more as I’d like to keep my night job) is open from very early morning to evening and I’m used to being up late afternoons to 4amish times.

In my current job the care inspector is due to come back sometime in December and if we get a low enough score we are shut down and will lose our jobs. Last time our score was a 1.5/10 and we’d need a 1 to shut down!! So essentially I should be jumping off of this sinking ship.

Also they have bare minimum people employed and I know others who are contemplating leaving too and one who definitely probably will soon. I’d have to give in my four weeks notice asap and they’d have to find someone to fill my position, and with the Christmas and New Years period, which includes everybody being off for two weeks, I’ve chosen the worst time to leave them without a key team member. I have no idea how they’ll react or the stress it will put everyone in. Currently we have only four of us play workers in everyday, a girl in three times a week and the managers who don’t actually do stuff with the kids like we do. Our numbers are up to 40 children now, and we can hold 50 max. They still also have people employed who a) has been off on maternity leave for over a year and defo isn’t coming back b) is physically incapable of Performing her job and WE have been given the responsibility to look after her and make sure she’s never left alone with the children?! HUGE 🚩 (thankfully she’s only in once a week now.)

It’s also emotional because I do love my job and care for the children I work with and I’m very used to what I do now and it’s my first proper job that I’ve had. I’m worried I won’t be good enough for this new job esp if it’s more actually LEGITIMATE in comparison to the one I have now and with bad the management is at my job, their standards for employees must not be the highest because some of my colleagues actually don’t do anything. What if in another work force I’m actually not good enough?

A good thing is I’d go from my current rate of £8.91 an hour to £9.50, to £10.50 after a three month trial. What do I do?!