In a pickle - old employer vs new
&amp;#x200B;

Background: I worked with this employer for a good three years. Switched roles within the company when a promotion was offered and had to begin reporting to a new person. He turned out to be an absolute asshole. He probably had some Asian fetish, I could tell because he would only hire Asian girls in his team, even if they were analysts, seniors or co-ops. The only brown guy he had in his team, he fired him. But then he took me in. I could see that he still wouldn't assign me tasks like he would my teammates. Had conversations with him, but nothing really helped. He went on like "well you gotta first finish this project and then I will graduate you to the tasks the other girls do." The 'project' in question that he wanted me to work on was already shut down by HIS OWN BOSS a few months ago, and it seemed like he was just trying to breadcrumb me. 

All this added to my already WORST possible mental health and my doctor recommended I take a short-term disability leave. I did and quit after a few months. But in that time, this person who was my boss also quit the organization. By the time I felt ready to get back to the work force, I decided this was not the right job for me, majorly because now I had enrolled myself in a course to SWITCH CAREERS. This involves classes two weekdays (6:30-10:30pm) and entire Saturdays (10am-6pm). So I found myself a contract role that I could 'quit anytime' if the pressure of my career switch got too much to handle, because I would rather work on that career change than keep wasting myself in Finance.

Fast forward to today (a month in the new job and my studies having started), I feel like my new job might take a toll on my studies after all. Especially because they want us to go to the office twice a week, which is about a 50 minutes drive (rush hours) back to my home. On the days of classes and once the course picks up the momentum, it's gonna get hectic af. Also FF to today, my old employer has requested me to think about joining them again if I felt like it, and this would be the role that I had when I first joined them (the role before I got the promotion). The money is not a problem. The old office was like 10 minutes on my bicycle from my home, and to top it all up, they are FULLY REMOTE.

I am so confused about all this... does it make sense to join my old employer again, be near my workplace which allows me the convenience when it comes to attending my classes and everything? Would they dump me after a few months if I said yes and joined them? What's your experiences been like?

TL;DR my previous employer reached out to me to see if I was willing to rejoin them at my first ever role with them. I had quit my permanent job there just a couple months ago. It seems the best option right now, but could they be playing with me and would cut me just like I quit them before? PLS HELP.