I'm terrified of not being able to make money when I'm out of college. Am I making the right choice studying as a music major?
18m, freshman in college, in New York State, USA.

I'm currently a music composition major. I've loved music for a long time but in addition to not being all that much at performing I also chose composition as a more stable career with less saturation than the music performance industry. specifically, I'd like to film scoring just because that's my interest, but I'd be happy doing anything in music.

however, when I've stepped back and looked at everything, in 4 years when I graduate I'm on my own and I have no clue what I'd do the day after because it's less tangible than a 9-5 office job. I know this school will help prepare me with internships and maybe current films or commissions looking for a composer, but that just doesn't reassure me the way I'd like it to. even more, so far this semester I've reached out to 3 separate people looking for music for their films for classes and been rejected by each. I have no problem with rejection, but if I graduate and this is my life then it's just like being unemployed and not being able to find a job; i wouldn't be getting any gigs so I wouldn't be making any money.

a lot of this worry I think comes from my father, my maternal grandfather, and my girlfriends father. all of these men worked or are working so hard and make an incredible living for our families. my moms dad sold these alcohol magazines back in I think 40s-80s ish somewhere in there but when internet obviously wasn't around. and so there was a high demand for that type of thing and he just was very well off such that his money went on to support my life and if I'm not mistaken I think part of my tuition. my father runs his own business and has no employees. he's a computer service provider who works 6 days a week and even outside of regular working hours he'll still be maybe watching a baseball game and doing some sort of repair or computer work. my girlfriends dad just recently acquired his 3rd beverage store and actively manages all 3.

I know this definitely set a certain pressure on me that may be unrealistic, but I've tried to logically and analytically think about my current path and not only do I not see myself living up to that but I really just don't see myself sustainably succeeding at all.

for the upcoming spring semester, I was going to try to take some business courses to test the waters and possibly declare a second major in business to have as a back up (by taking these classes without declaring I'm not committed, but if I do choose to I wouldn't have wasted time because I'll have knocked off some of the credits). but lots of the business courses are either filled up or require pre requisites that I don't have as a non business major.

this sub asks for a specific question which I don't really have but I'll give it a shot. I know everyone says not to give up on your dreams especially so early in my life but should I switch majors? should I double major? or are there some words of wisdom anyone has on sticking with what I have right now?