Career guidance for someone who has had a 2 year gap (with no work ex/skills) after Bachelors in Engineering?
As embarrassing as this would sound, it took 6 years (instead of 4) to complete my engineering because of backlogs and my apathy towards the course which I ironically enrolled for (Electronics and communication).

To top it off, I have now had a 2 year gap on top of this already 6 year long degree, in which I've learnt nothing of relevance or worked anywhere. To be brutally honest this has been a result of of mix between a lot of familial problems and procrastination/apathy towards the situation from my side, I have no point in hiding that fact at this point in my life.

There's no doubt that I acknowledge the fact that these roadblocks will prove to be a struggle to deal with if I intended to begin a career afresh from scratch, especially at 26 with no experience whatsoever.

But come as late as it may have, I really want to put the past behind me right now. I really don't want these roadblocks to bog me down in my endeavors which I put in beginning from NOW. Right now I feel like I have the zeal to work my socks off and excel in whatever I want to pursue in life beginning from this moment.

The only issue I face is the lack of a proper career guidance given the context of where I am in my life right now. I pretty much don't have any friends/relatives who I can interact with on this nor do I have access to career counsellors where I live.

I have been vacillating between management and software fields, not really certain would be a better path. At this point, to me it's more than where I can excel in than what I specifically find interesting, don't think I have the luxury to that at this stage.

Given the context of my background and with me being 26 right now, what should be the field I should be picking so as to still excel in making a career moving forward?

I would really appreciate it even more if someone could guide me on this with context to Indian job industry or any advice in general would be appreciated too.