How do I approach interest in another field (within the same company) during a performance review ?
So recently we’ve had a few employees leave for other careers, which has left a few positions open. 
I have been working with this company just shy of 16 years as a field technician.  My boss (project manager / branch manager) brought me into the office this morning to inform me that our Service Coordinator is leaving and potentially another employee (lazy as hell) is likely taking another role within the company, leaving his role available as well. His role would be labelled as a Jr. Project Manager and also deals with our regions safety (which may be removed from the job position). 
He asked if I’d be interested in the Coordinator job (which I am not) and that he can see me do well in this roll.  I know I could handle the job easily and do well, but the position has zero growth, the previous position holder received poor raises (was told that he’s over-qualified for the position and others in that role are making much less). 
I am however interested in the Jr PM position and would like to mention this in my performance review (it’s an online evaluation form that gets reviewed before the actual sit down). 
He doesn’t want to lose me in the field where I am the second from the top in regards to training, experience and proficiency, but seems to be trying to push me into the Service Coordinator position, since it is available now and needs to be filled. 
He knows I have no interest in that role, but I want to make it known, that I want to stay with the company but in another position that would see more growth, challenges and a better work / life balance for myself and my family. 

Sooooooo how is it best to address this and let him (and our higher-ups) know that I want to stay with the company, but move out of my current position and into a different role ?  
As a note, the Jr Project Manager role is not currently available and is dependent on this technician leaving for the other position, but is likely to happen.