What should I do if I’m not interested in any specific career?
Not sure if this was the right sub for this but here I go!

Well, I’m interested in some careers but I feel so, so unmotivated and lazy to work towards them. Also, I fear being unable to do my job well!

Background: I’m about to finish middle school by June next year, and had the big realization that my whole life is ahead of me and my parents wont always be there to do everything for me. I’ve been at a K-8 catholic school my whole life so I haven’t experienced much.

I’m a creative person, I love art and run a small illustration business, I love analyzing movies, I love researching history! 

The thing is, I can’t imagine myself doing any of these for a living.

Being a professional artist? I’m going to starve, the jobs are super unstable and the art market is too saturated. No way I’d make it and live decently.

Being a filmmaker/director? As if I have any writing skills! I have story ideas and rave over my love of my favorite directors but personally, I’m terrible at plot/dialogue/putting emotion into my work. (Same applies with my art, I’m bad when it comes to emotion).

Historical costumer/general historian? Like art, I’m going to be poor as hell. I can’t live like that even if it’s my passion.


Anyways, any advice? I feel like I won’t be competent or happy in anything. I’m already aiming for architecture since it’s partly artsy/creative and pays well. But at the same time, I feel like it’ll be boring and too mechanical for me. Super restraining.

I feel like my problem is that I’m an incredibly unmotivated/not hardworking person, and that I need to quickly find my path. As someone from a poorer family too, I’m extremely money conscious. 


By the way, I don’t have the skills for other high paying jobs either! I’m not clever like a lawyer, or good at math like a programmer. I don’t have any true leanings or talents for such jobs. 

What should I do? How can I find an interesting an exciting creative career that won’t leave me penniless?