How can I choose between art and college?
Since I was in middle school, I've struggled to discover what to do was a career. I have always loved art and decided to take it more seriously this year by actually advertising my work on social media's and trying to get commissions. 

I have yet to get a real commission and have gained only 1 subscriber on YouTube which puts me at 23 subs. It's been about 3 months. I know this will take time and I'm prepared to keep trying, while working part time retail jobs. 

Today, however, something interesting happened. My best friend has OCD and it's so bad, that she is crippled from it. She is on disability, she cannot work, it's severe. I have know this for a few years now and after having her explain and share her experiences related to her OCD in depth to me, I have become very... passionate(?) about the topic. 

My boyfriend pointed out to me tonight that he has never seen or heard me talk about anything the way I talk about OCD or mental health in general. I hate self diagnosing, especially when it comes to OCD or when people use OCD as an adjective in general, I become very animated when talking about it. 

This made me remember a time a few years ago when I had considered going to zchool to become a therapist or something. The main reason I decided against it was because I wanted to do something I loved and was very passionate about. I also was afraid of college. 

I am almost 25 now, my art, while it's still at the beginning stage when it comes to a business perspective, isn't providing me with any money and I do not want to do retail forever. I crumble when people yell at me. I have seen what years in retail/sales has done to others and I don't want that to be me.

I have been in therapy and seeing what it did for me and how it helped me was powerful. I would love to do that for someone else... but I can't help but feel afraid and wonder if it would be the right move for me. I would love advice on this, is it wise to choose a career that takes time to learn and build because I am angry that people are self diagnosing? 

tl;dr: I don't know if it's wise for me to go to college at my age for something I'm not 100% sure about. How can I make up my mind?