I’m lost… Would you please help me find the right path, please?
Hello dear friends,

I’ve decided to create a thread here, because quite frankly I’m lost and fed up with my current job and I desperately need someone who’ll help me to find a new career.

The problem is that I don’t have a clear vision of what I could do, but I know for sure that I need to change my current occupation, otherwise I gonna become a wrack before my 30’s (I’m 29).

Up until now, I had a multitude of jobs, both 9-5 and freelance, both legal and illegal, and I’m sure as hell about stuff that I certainly don’t wanna do anymore. But I can’t find any decent alternative.

See, in order to help me, you’ll need to first understand what type of person I am. 

I’m more of a visionary / designer / strategist / advisor kind of person. Currently I’m workin as a freelance web designer. Earlier I was working as a freelance brand identity designer — so everything that consist in creating logos, brand materials, corporate identity design etc. I’ve also tried my luck as a freelance brand strategist, however that didn’t work because small customers couldn’t afford me, and high end customers simply preferred experts in the field rather than a newbie no name like me. So I quickly went back into web design and corporate identity design but it’s slowly drawing out all my energy and life force.

See, I was never good in finishing stuff. I am more of a advisor / strategist person, I’m great conceptualist but I was always struggling with delivering the final product. For example, I was working as a music producer. I always had a ton of energy to start all the fun and creative part of the song, the leading theme and melody, basic drums etc. But when I had to actually finish the song , clean all tracks, polish drums components, and then go through the entire process of mixing and mastering and tweaking and setting up plugins and re-tweaking and testing it on different devices, and all that stuff - I was becoming sick. Like the process literally was hurting me physically. Hopefully I was collaborating with other sound engineers who were happy to take it out of my hands and carry it on to the final product. 

See these people who design a concept of a car? Like prepare rough drawings and concepts but then it’s taken over by engineers and turned into the final version of a car? Well, that’s me. Or see these people who design a concept of a building, but then it goes to architects and engineers who design all the details, make calculations and prepare final blueprints? That’s me. 

Right now, I’m in web design. It’s ok. Money is good. But that endless negotiations over the budget. Or endless revisions and adjustments because the client wanna see if that button would look better with a green background instead of a red one, if it would look better. It’s killing me. 

I’d kill for a job where I can just advise people, or manage people, or build rough concepts, or prepare strategies, or earn my wife through talking and listening to people, but not be the delivery man anymore. I would kill for a job in which there’s no endless revisions and adjustments and arguing over the price.

For example my wife is a psychiatrist. She has to deal with a lot of trauma and other people problems. But everything is clear and simple. She tells them her fee is 200€ an hour. She listen to them, she give em her opinion and that ends there. Or another example. I’m in the process of taking over a small company. I had to schedule a consultation call with a business advisor. He told me his rate is 300€ an hour. He went over my case. We sat down, drunk a coffee or two and then he explained me everything I wanted to know, sent an invoice to my address - done. This is kind of job I want. Where I can earn money by advising, consulting, talking, strategizing, managing. But I don’t wanna be the delivery man anymore that has to finish the project and then argue over endless tweaks and adjustments or other bs. I don’t wanna sit and click endlessly throug illustrator designing another yet logo, or sit there and go through endless lines of code in a website. I just can’t take it anymore.

So, please, I beg you, help me find the way.

Here a summary which I hope will help you finding something that will fit me.

— Degrees or certifications:

None. All my life I was self learner. I only have my experience on my side but I don’t have any specific degree.

— Things in which I actually have a lot of experience (over 7 years):

Web design, corporate identity design and everything related to branding

— Things that I think I’d be good in, but I lack experience:

Creating concepts, conceptual design, strategizing, management, consulting, advisory, listening and talking. Also I’m excellent in analyzing stuff and finding problems and a way to improve systems and make things more efficient. I’m excellent at finding useful information. I’m good at solving problems.

— Things that I tried and failed:

Brand strategy. People either couldn’t afford me, or found that service too abstract to be interested, and high end customers simple preferred someone with much more experience that I could offer. Also music. Show business is a b***. 

— Type of work I seek:

Freelance. I’ve worked several years on 9-5 and I just cannot stand having someone above me. I need freedom and a job that I could do from home or from my own office, preferably over call or online meeting. I’d also like to have a job in which I wouldn’t be at the end of the process as the delivery man who need to handle all the objections, revisions and stuff. And finally a job where I wouldn’t need to constantly argue over the budget. Something that I can be clear that my time cost €150 and hour and that’s it. Take it or leave it.

— Things that I’m terrible at:

Sales and marketing. Oh my God I’m so bad at this. Well, marketing at least I have to understand it since I had to deal with people from marketing when I was working as corporate identity designer. But sales? Kill me. All success I had in my life wasn’t because I was able to sell myself, only because I’m the most honest person you’ll probably meet and also because I always deliver top notch service and I’m also flexible. But selling? Nah man. Kill me.

— Additional information:

Working with people as a team tires me a lot. It evolves a lot of energy from my side. I always been a lone wolf. I love solitude and I best work alone. At night, when there’s no distractions. That’s when I deliver the best results. If I wouldn’t be God fearing man, I’d probably be an excellent lone assassin. I just can’t work in a team. And also I don’t know if it’s helpful but when I was doing these personalities tests, I’m not even sure if they are relevant or just pure bs, but when I was younger 18-24 I’ve always had INFJ (advocate) as the final result. After I turned 25, up until now, I always have INTJ (architect) as a final result.

So that’s it.

I hope I given you enough information to help me.

I’d be eternally grateful to you guys for any piece of advice. For what it’s worth, if you’ll help me find my new career path, you’ll save my life. Literally.

Thank you so much in advance and apologize for writing for ages but I needed to be sure to give you all information about me so you can properly judge me.