Coming out to my cousin?
I hoping I'm doing this right? But hi! I'm an 18 year old genderfluid bab who's is struggling to tell the most important person in my life that I'm genderfluid. The most important person in my life is my cousin (19f). We can call her L. She has stuck by me through everything and I've done the same for her. A few years ago I told her that I wasn't straight and her family was fine with it, she isn't straight either. But for a while I got stuck with schoolwork and didn't visit for a few months (6+) it was pretty much just me and two friends, I told both I was genderfluid and pansexual. But now that I'm getting to be able to come back around, I feel like I'm going to have to go back to living in a box again. I saw box instead of closet since it feels like a duct taped box that I show the everyone and everything inside the box is who I really am. I want that box to be open one day and now it feels like I'm closing it again. I don't really care much for anyone's else's opinion but hers matters a lot to me. Once I can tell her I know I can face anything anyone else throws at me for it. But Everytime I think I'm ready I get so fucking nervous! I know how I want to bring it, where, and when but I can't get myself to do it.

I plan to ask her on a car ride(if we aren't already in the car) and tell her then.

It think one part of it that's making me more nervous is what happened yesterday morning.

My uncle was being a dork and messing with me. He is huge and when I wear my onesie I'm like a tiny plush toy. He picked me up and L said "Put him down." She didn't correct herself, just said it. I can't tell you how fast my face went up and I froze for a moment. Questioning if she knew or not. I had told her little sister(we can call her S) a few days prior. And thought maybe she mentioned something about it. When she said it, it felt so good to hear. I can't really describe the feeling but I knew I enjoyed it and wanted to hear her say it again. Later me and S went to feed their horse and I mentioned what happened. But as I was explained how I felt about when she said it I know I blushed like a 12 year old and smiled. Turns out she didn't say anything about it.

The night before I went to the store with L. On the way back I started talking about this "friend" that felt like a boy and a girl to see how she would react. She was perfectly fine with it. She said that you didn't have to understand someone to respect them.

But I'm still nervous to tell her. I know it's gonna change things and I'm debating whether or not I'd rather live closing it off and being fine than telling her and it get out. 

My family isn't the kindest to gay people, especially transgender people. They will use deadnames, refer to them as the wrong gender, and not care.

Got any advice about what I should do?