I don't want to come on reddit anymore
I made an account on reddit in a very difficult period of my life when I was sure that I will kill myself and I wanted to make a last desperate move to find support and share my problems. As always with everything in my life I felt that I did something bad or humiliating by exposing myself like this and I had triggering thoughts not about something specific but that someone will harass me or I will get hurt etc. I have learned to be hyper vigilant all my life and this is something that still in my 28 I can't rid off it. It's not only the fear that people will criticize me but they will actually hurt me.

The thing is that I'm still in the mental situation I began here. When I came I was in the edge, extremely panicked and anxious, angry, violent, desperate. I didn't have anyone to talk in my life so it was a way to finally find some support. And although reddit helped me to recognize finally the damage my parents did to me and also helped me to do some introspection in reality it only made me obsessed, confused and feeling even more bad with myself.

For seven months now I'm so obsessed to find what is actually wrong with me that i can't think anything else rather than post here. I have written so many posts that I didn't published yet and every thought I have I make it immediately a reddit post in my mind. Everyday I get frustrated in which sub I have to post what I wrote or how to make it relatable with the sub. Reading million posts in million mental health subs it only got me more confused and feeling that I'm totally abnormal but I don't really know what is wrong with me. I know that I have ocd, depression, social anxiety but am I bpd, avpd, npd, do I have adhd? Why other people with worse parents don't have the same problems?

I have become so self aware but in such a negative way that I judge and criticize everything I do, I try to find the reasons why I'm doing whatever I do. In the meantime I get more and more dissociated and isolated from the real world. Not that I was better before i come here, I had an awful mental breakdown and severe panic attacks from August of 2020 and since then I struggle everyday with suicidal thoughts and i just survive.

Coming here doesn't confort me anymore because I feel that even if people have every intention to advice me or help me they can't because I live in different culture and my situation right now is too complex. As I said I'm too obsessed that I feel dissapointed when I don't get answers or even worse when I get a mean comment. But my mind is like has become a reddit main page, everything I experience or do immediately it transforms to a post in my mind.

But from the other side as much I get anxious here and very indimated from some posts in real life I have nobody to talk to. For 7 years I tried medication and therapy because I had severe problems but I only got more traumatized and misunderstood than before. I have learned much more things since the day I started to search here and also much more compassion. Eventhough I get upset and depressed sometimes of the things I read, is the only place that made me feel that I'm not the only one who think or feel  a certain way but there are so many other people. Is like a double edge sword. From one side it triggers me and makes me questioned all the time my thoughts as bad and from the other side it's the only place I can find a little support.

My mother is not in a place to help me emotionally at least and I try to take my distance from her after I realize our emotional codependency. She is here to fullfil my basic needs but I think she is too damaged mentally also to provide me with the support I really need. As for my father he is the main reason why I'm so hyper vigilant, not feeling safe anywhere be negative about everything and so self criticizing. I don't expect anything from him.

There are some weeks now that I don't come here so often as in the past but this is happening because I get obsessed with another social media where I just express all my hatred, bitterness and negativity by trolling reality shows with other people. Even there I get so triggered by others opinions that at the end of the day I feel just angry and empty and I treat me harshly. I hit my head almost everyday. And I keep let life pass me by because I can't find a motivation to get out of the loop I have been in.

I feelike I don't have a sense of myself. Because it's not the first time I get consumed somewhere and i let others people's opinion to dictate my feelings and my actions. It's a pattern that I follow for years now because all I have learned is to compare myself with others or to ask others for their acceptance. I never learned to support my own ideas. I don't even feel that I have the right to not come here. That it's selfish to not wanting to hear others and since my I'm a failure I'm not in a place to make decisions alone. And also is selfish since so many people suffer to just take their help and leave. And although I know that this is irrational I can't help myself for not thinking this way maybe because in the past so many people let me suffer or ignored me and I don't want to do the same. Or maybe I have learned that I must always owe to people that they tolerate me since I was always rejected and unlikable by the majority of people. 

I'm sorry if my post doesn't make any sense. I'm just in a very desperate situation and I wanted for days to wrote something because I feel that my mind will explode. I feel that I'm on the line before I lose my mind completely, I have lost the days, everyday I do million future predictions for everything, I'm all over the place, I have to follow my ocd rituals and my mood is like an elevator. The only true fact is that I waste my life and I never have good time. I don't take care of myself intentionally and I deprive me for my hobbies. 

Sorry again for my rambling I guess I look for some pityness because I know that nobody can really help me. I feel bad because I know that objectivly other people have it worse than me while I just sit all day and I don't have a job or any other obligation and I mourn for my life.