I never realize how impoverished my own life has been until I see how much other people's parents love them. Then I have this horrible despair.
Was facebook-stalking the one friend I had in my childhood, on whom I had a crush, whom I have not spoken to since we were eight, and who has grown up to be even more gorgeous. Looked at his mother's profile too and she's a pillar of her community, with loads of friends and always helping people, unlike my reclusive mother who hates everyone. She speaks with such love and pride about her children, unlike my mother (and father) who has never once expressed any such feelings about me. He went on all kinds of adventures growing up, it looks like, had so many experiences, friends, maybe even love for all I know, while I have never left home at the age of 24, have never had real friends in person, and am saddled with complex trauma that makes me kind of crazy.

It's not fair.

There's more to the story - my main trauma in childhood, above and beyond my mom just generally being incompetent at caring emotionally for children, is that I had a crush on this boy and wrote down a fantasy about him, which my mom found and confronted me about. She basically made me feel like a pervert which permanently ruined my relationship to sexuality and intimacy in general. I've kind of always been stuck at that level of development. And looking at his face now, the way he looks now, I realize that several people I've crushed on over the years looked quite similar to him.

I've never gotten over him.

Why do some people get to have happy lives full of love and I don't? If things had gone differently, we might have grown up together. We might have even experimented with each other or something, I don't know... he's probably not into dudes but it's not out of the realm of possibility... but I will never know what could have been. I will never know what a healthy, normal childhood and teenage years would have been like. My life has been... so tiny. So empty. For so long. No matter what happens in my adult life I think this is a wound I will never be able to heal.

The worst part is he probably doesn't even remember I exist. We only knew each other a few months. He was the only real friend in person I had until I was like 20. I was just one of many for him.