Realized something about myself while writing...
I love to write, and I consider myself a good writer as far as storylines and character development (still working a bit on technical skills).  The stories I usually end up writing are about trauma-- characters navigating life during and after very intense trauma and abuse, and since I have a lot of personal experience to draw inspiration from, I've always found it extremely odd that I have trouble writing villains.  All this time I've been saying "Ugh, I just don't GET it.  What would they say?  How would they act?  I don't understand."
The other day I found myself browsing through some short films on youtube, and one of them was about domestic abuse.  As I was watching it, I was thinking "Wow, this is so well written, so realistic.", and it was taking me straight back to the old days when I lived with my abuser, reminding me of so many nuances of their behavior that I hadn't thought of in a long time.  Then I realized.  I DO know the villain mindset, I DO know how they act, I DO know their motivations, I remembered it all when I was watching that short film.  It's not that I "don't understand", it's that I don't want to REMEMBER.  Now I get it.  Everytime I start writing an abusive character, I feel this wall come up, I feel my brain try to block it and push it away.  I literally feel myself getting sleepy, THAT'S how hard my brain is working to calm down, escape, and "not absorb" the behavior of that abusive character. 

There's a second element to my writing issue too, and that comes up specifically when I'm trying to write dialogue for abusive characters.  I have no problem writing lines for the protaganist in a confrontation with the villain-- it's easy to pick apart the villain's scheme and call them out, but when it's time for me to tap into the villain's mindset and respond, I just can't.  Growing up, when my abuser was not around, me and my sibling and sane parent would discuss how wrong their abusive behavior was, and I really feel like that honesty and connection to reality saved me from fully absorbing the damage and lies.  I relied heavily on that to survive.  Now, when I put myself in the villain's head to come up with a response to being called out, I find myself embarassed about "my" (meaning the villain's) abusive and villainous behavior,  realize "my" (the villain's) flaws, and just want to apologize to the protaganist.  That learned survival tactic of instantly deflecting and disecting emotional abuse makes me destroy "my own" motivations and confidence when I play the villain in my writing.  My brain just can't seem to let him win, even a little.  That's not to say that the hero always saves the day in my stories, they never really catch a break, actually, but it just takes me 1000 times longer than a normal person to write these types of confrontation scenes.

Anyway, I thought I was just too dumb to write bad guys.  Turns out I'm just too TRAUMATIZED to write bad guys, LOL!  But now that I understand why this is happening, it's going to be so much easier to overcome, and I'm really excited to have that knowledge.