My mom’s an alien.
I’m feeling very vulnerable with this post but I really need to unload as well as see if anyone has had anything similar happen to them. 

Ok so I had a good childhood overall. Never was a victim of physical abuse, never was a victim of verbal abuse, never witnessed violence. Always had food, shelter, safe space to land. 

At the same time my mom also believed herself to be an alien. Like literally. She believed through hypnosis that she unlocked secret memories of being an extra special alien hybrid type and was literally the most important being in all the universe. That there was this war that she was the center of but all on this higher plane or dimension, idk. So anyways she raised me and my siblings to also believe we were aliens as well. 

Let me pause for a minute. This stuff is like my families top secret information. As crazy as my mom is she does not show this side of herself in public ever. Like you’d never know she thinks this stuff if you met her. It’s not undiagnosed schizophrenia because she’s very stable and an active member of society. My therapist believes she is simply a covert narcissist, but can a narcs sense of grandiose really be that extreme? Serious question.

Yeah so she’s an extra special alien hiding out in a human looking body. Raised me to believe the same about myself. Told me at 16 that my dad (they’re divorced) had been killed by the evil aliens and his body replaced with a clone and I shouldn’t trust him. Said I was under constant monitoring by devices as well as cloaked good aliens that were on her side of the war. That these aliens reported back to her about my going ons since she was in charge. Said she could read my mind. Said I could also access these hidden memories if I let her hypnotize me to bring them forth. But to be careful because if I accessed the memories it would cause my worldview to shift and ruin my marriage as a result and my kids would be in more danger then they already were. The danger she thought they were in was because we were all attached to her and they would use and hurt us all to get to my mom because of how special she was. And if I told anyone any of this stuff she would swear up and down I was the crazy one even if it had me committed.

So like wow right? The irony is I have the hardest time accepting that that was trauma in therapy. Like half my therapy sessions is my therapist really trying help me grasp and accept I have cptsd from being raised like that. I have found a lot of help reading about cults and cult deprogramming since it’s sorta similarish. 

But yeah I guess I just needed to share. It’s not an easy thing to be open about. And really if anyone has any solidarity or similar stories would help tons since I’ve never found anything online to help me feel less alone in all that. It’s led to some weird google results trying to find other stories lol. 

Thanks for listening.