Starting to come to realization that there was never a point in my life where I was "ok"
For context, i've been going through a really bad case of burn out for the past few months and it's finally reached a climax. I've officially become a jittery, paranoid, stressed out mess. I was certain this is the lowest i've every felt in my life. Then it hit me, I've hit rock bottom EVERY season of my life and i'm only 23.

I've lived a lot of horrible lives. I was practically a mute all through HS and In college I was seen as really weird until maybe my junior year? 

My thoughts opened up a can of horrible depressing memories. I remember spending all my summers from 13-18 holed up in my room watching videos for hours. While my peers were out in summer camps, I had a developed a porn addiction. While everyone was traveling to the beach, I was busy hopping over clothes, bags and other random hoarded items because of my OCD. I basically had a mild to moderate form of agoraphobia. I actually didn't know there was a park near my home until I was 20.

Additionally, because I was spending so much time in my room scrolling through a false reality, what was real and what wasn't was merging. I was so paranoid at this time in my life that I started putting tape in all four corners of my room because I was afraid someone had installed cameras to watch me.

I'm not even going to cover my hygiene and diet, both were basically nonexistent. Although I did incessantly bathe because I felt dirty and perverse.

All and all, I realize that everyone has bad habits they fall back into and I'm no exception. However, my neutral or base of normalcy is isolation, avoidance, and just pure filth. I don't think anyone of my family members or peers can fully understand how far down the insanity rabbit hole I can go naturally without even trying. It's takes a lot of strength to get myself to do normal people things on a consistent basis and as one can imagine this pandemic did not help.

I've become overwhelmed with life and I can feel myself reaching out for my old habits.

Does anyone have advice?? Can I ever be stable and how can I accept my painfully embarrassing past?