My therapist is nice but sort of sucks
Just need to vent but if anyone can relate,  please share your stories.

It's come to my attention that along with my CPTSD, I may be dealing with a form of DID. Losing control of my motor skills while still fully operating (feeling my body move against my will) was my first tip off but there have been other things over the years that I wrote off as something else. My therapist is very nice but talks to me like I'm five. I've shared several traumas with him but he never discusses them or gives me technics to deal with the consequences of the traumas (breathing, for example). Last time we met we agreed that we may be looking at split identities but this week all he wanted to focus on is having me meet with a neuroscientist to maybe get medication.  I've never trusted him, since from the beginning he's been sort of condescending about things. He knows I have flashbacks but doesn't really talk to me about them, always citing that I'm a deep thinker and thoughtful- I guess being aware of your problems mean they're not bad. Tonight he said "usually when people have these kind of issues they're dealing with severe trauma. Do you have that kind of trauma?" Like seriously sir, I'm not a shrink but don't these things happen because people disconnect from the trauma? WTF.

I'm just really mad, and plan to terminate.  I can feel tears in my chest but no tears are coming. He's nice but he's sort of an asshole. A nice asshole but still...dear therapists,  when people come to you with serious issues, please don't treat them like little kids who need to reassured they're good people. Some of us want legitimate solutions and understanding on why this shit happens. 

It shouldn't matter but I hate knowing he will probably think I'm terminating because of the medication thing, which isn't true. I'm terminating because he's shown himself completely incapable, at least in this stage of his career, to deal with trauma patients.  Case in point, I tried to terminate him weeks ago and wrote a stupid long letter explaining why I didn't feel he may be the best person to help me; one reason included that I was dealing with some somatic stuff of a sexual nature and didn't feel comfortable talking with him about it. He wrote back, I think I can help you but never really addressed anything on the list, except the most surface stuff.

I'm sorry to rant. I've written about this before but then deleted. I've been invalidated by therapists before, and he's certainly one of the nicer ones, but this really freaking sucks. I'm really pissed.