About that trauma and neurodivergence overlap
\[This is musings, I'm definitely not trying to offer diagnostic advice. But I know many of y'all like me have spent a lot of time in this gray area. Maybe you don't know if you are ND, or don't know which symptoms are "more" ND and "more" PTSD and which way you should come at them. *For me*, the more I learn, the more I learn that I'm overall functional in my job and the friendships that matter, and sorting out if I have autism is less important for now than addressing each behavioral difference that I feel hurts my life and seeing what I can do about it. I always pause to understand how it ties to my trauma, because my trauma covered all of my formative years and does indeed affect my personality, but if it seems like I've processed certain trauma to the point where other people make more progress on the resulting behavioral issue, then I turn to ND focused coping skills. My psychiatrist is with me on this idea, for now. Also, this is mostly about autism, which I know is not interchangeable with all neurodivergence, any mistakes implying this are just bad formatting skill and being bothered by typing the same word over and over.\]

I've recently had my eyes more opened to two prevailing theories about people on the autistic spectrum: (1) they have a different connection between their cognition and emotion, and (2) they can recognize social cues but struggle to do so when overstimulated.

As far as (1), this means that when an NT sees somebody furrow their brow and pull back a little bit, they subconsciously process it in their emotional center and realize the person is offended by what they said. They don't think about it any more than knowing that grass is green. They see it, they know it. NDs, or at least many on the spectrum, don't do the emotional processing as fast (but most still do it) so they go through a thought process: "hey that was something, what did she do, why did she do that, wait I remember this!". It's like if every time you saw grass you had to go "hold up, that's not white, what color is that, what else have I seen that's that color, oh it's green like my blanket!".

Does that sound familiar to anyone with dissociation, emotional repression, social anxiety, trust issues, intrusive thoughts about not understanding people, and executive disfunction? If you don't recognize your own emotions automatically and control your own automatic responses such as showing that you're offended, you have to *think through* when other people do those things, and cognitively remind yourself that it probably means what it seems to mean. Also, if you've internalized the often backwards social cues (or backwards results of them), when you try to start trusting some people sometimes, you have to force yourself to think: this person felt offended and reacted, they did not plan to show me that they are angry so I know they will hurt me.

(2) All of that is really exhausting even when it's still largely subconscious for someone who's been doing it their whole life. It's easy to learn what's going on, and harder to keep up and not mess up when overstimulated. Depending on the person, "overstimulated" can mean anything from just not being alone to being in a loud restaurant. So for some, it's a struggle every time they're around people, even if when they were evaluated in an office with pictures of faces, they could name all the emotions.

Does that sound like socializing while hypervigilant? Not to mention attempting to remind yourself to be empathetic when hypervigilant or triggered?

That's my time. 

Like I said, just musings, and I know a lot of people are ahead of me on this. For all the time I've spent being evaluated for autism based on my behavior and considering a diagnosis as being about understanding and working on that behavior (which is my personal choice to work on certain things), I haven't gotten to learn as much about how autism actually works, not to mention feels, until recently. So assembling this all was really big just now. Maybe it's mildly enlightening for someone else.