DAE feel like they pay for the actions of their partner's prior abusers due to their CPTSD-affected personality?
I know that I could have grown into a toxic partner. I know I'm never out of the woods, really. I am constantly working on myself--therapy, lifestyle changes, conscious habit forming. It feels like it never ends sometimes. I know that what I've been through affects the way I connect with other humans, and so I treat loving others like an art, a craft to which I've committed my entire life. It's worth it, I know.

But sometimes...goddammit. I dated my ex J for 2.5 years, they had just left an abusive relationship when we met. It was more like they'd been broken up for a year but J couldn't afford to move, so they kept getting abused up until they finally got out and we got together.

We had a great, secure attachment that taught me a lot (for the most part). But the fucking text messages! I couldn't send more than three lines or more than three-ish texts in a row without triggering J. Their ex had berated them through text all the time, and J couldn't detach us from each other in their mind--not when it came to texting. From me, it was always something silly, like a story about a dog or whatnot, or I had feelings I needed to share with the person close to me. It rarely had to do with our relationship, and when it did I would initiate a change of venue pretty quickly to avoid the triggers. 

But if I crossed that line of sheer volume, they would shut down and ignore me. It did get better over the course of our relationship, we are still good friends and I can text them p much anything, but it was a TON of work.

Now I'm dating someone new, when we are together life is amazing and we're so compatible--but the texting problems are *even worse*. We are nonmonogamous, and they are dating two straight men in addition to me, nonbinary and queer. Our time together is scant as a result, and we have to rely on phone communication to maintain the connection for weeks at a time.

They have only been in one other queer relationship, also with an abuser who used cell phone communication to control and harass them. They can't seem to fully reconcile the idea that, despite the "queerness", I am a completely different person from their ex. Their resulting attachment via text has been this difficult combo of anxious and avoidant. I never know if I'm texting too much, texting the wrong thing, I feel like I can't even ask them "How are you?" without being in the way or setting them off.

They know it's a problem, and are working on it. So am I, but I don't know where to go at this point. I have tried voice memos, moving some messages to Discord or Instagram, I even keep a journal specifically for strategizing and organizing my thoughts about our relationship. I can't do anything but let go and hope they figure it out at this point.

At the end of the day, *I feel like the abuser*, even though I haven't done anything wrong. I feel like I must be the problem if this is happening in more than one relationship, but even a hard look at myself yields no valid evidence than I am being abusive. Nevertheless, the idea is worming its way into my head the longer I am in these dynamics and I don't know how much more I can take.