CPTSD vs BPD thoughts
I read an article yesterday contrasting PTSD and BPD that was linked in the comments of a post here. Part of the article said that BPD tends to have reactions that last a long time and are usually triggered by internal things (ex: your own feelings), compared to PTSD which tends to have shorter reactions that are triggered by external things (ex: something someone said, or seeing a specific object).

My question is, how does one tell the difference between BPD and *C*PTSD reactions, if my external triggers are complex, come from my formative years, and are very deeply rooted in my concept of self? My biggest (external) trauma triggers are unavoidable everyday things such as money, or things that are so common/innocuous/hard to explain  that nobody even considers them potentially triggering. So that means I’m often having reactions that last longer than necessary because I’m unable to escape the trigger, and which sometimes appear to be caused by something internal rather than external because of the nuance.

So, if you can’t reliably tell the difference from the outside, why bother splitting the two diagnoses so strictly as I keep seeing? It’s almost always portrayed as if they are mutually exclusive, complete opposites. Because that’s how they teach it in schools, I guess. But it’s not true. It’s a false dichotomy. 

Honestly, it feels more like people keep pushing me into a strictly-bpd diagnosis and trimming away the excess bits that don’t fit the profile, that indicate it could also be something else. Then they treat the wrong thing…. They essentially go, “bpd isn’t necessarily caused by trauma, and you have bpd on your file, so I’m going to treat your bpd as if it didn’t come from trauma, even though you definitely have a lot of trauma and it’s likely what caused your bpd.” You see the issue? I’m being told that I’m making too big of a deal over label stereotypes but all of my treatments are entirely based on label stereotypes. Rather than treating ME, they’re treating MY CONDITION. Or at least what they perceive it to be.

Therefore, why bother separating cptsd and bpd? I’ve seen bpd exist outside the context of trauma and I know ptsd/cptsd can exist outside a borderline context, so I know they are different diagnoses (that is to say, not every borderline has cptsd and not everyone with cptsd is borderline), but if bpd is also inherently linked to complex trauma, why are we pretending it’s not? Why are we pretending that bpd is completely different from cptsd? Why are we pretending that they don’t, at the bare minimum, very frequently occur comorbidly? Why do we treat them in completely different ways if they’re often linked at their core? 

Of course the reason is because of how they teach it in schools. The DSM was written before trauma-informed care became a thing, so the bpd diagnostic criteria was written before we knew about one of the most important elements of it. In addition, there’s the elephant in the room…. bpd is a stereotypically feminine diagnosis. It’s mostly given to women, AFABs (assigned female at birth), and queer men. A straight man presenting the same symptoms as bpd is more likely to be given a different diagnosis solely because of gender bias (and vice versa). Quite plainly, the criteria is wrong. It’s uninformed. There’s no need to see these two labels as wholly discrete knowing what we know now.

Anyways, that’s my thoughts on the topic. I’m curious what others have to say, particularly those struggling between bpd and cptsd diagnoses. Are you satisfied with your treatment? Do you feel like your doctors/therapists only see your bpd and not the person? Do you feel misdiagnosed or underdiagnosed? Maybe you think I’m way off base and you can’t relate to what I said at all?