CPTSD, feeling lost in life and dating
Dear All,

CPTSD is a fairly new topic for me but the first diagnosis that feels to me like it really describes the problems I have in life. 
I am now 28 years old and have spent my life believing everything bad that happens in my life is my own fault and everything good that happens, only happened because I was lucky. After a suicide attempt in 2016 I started to work very hard on myself, because I just had the feeling that something was wrong with me. For a long time I had the feeling that I was making progress, but I was never really happy. There are moments when I could be proud of myself and agree with others when they say that I have achieved something or that I am generally a nice person. But this feeling came up to now only very rarely from itself. I have since also read Pete Walker's book on CPTSD and it has opened my eyes on some issues. Especially on the topic of toxic shame, Inner Critic and emotional flashbacks. I have also been in psychoanalytic psychotherapy for a year now and have understood a lot through that as well. Especially about my trauma type and my great fear of intimacy but at the same time my great longing for a happy relationship. Which is quite difficult to reconcile. 
At the moment I generally have the feeling of being quite lost because I don't know how to deal with all this. I often have the feeling that I'm not understood and I don't know how to explain to my friends what's going on inside me. I always have the feeling that I don't have the right to blame my problems on a CPTSD but that I have to take responsibility for my life (which I basically do, I have a job and study with a good progress). At the same time I have emotional flashbacks that can be so strong that I get suicidal thoughts and think I'm a total failure because I don't manage to have a romantic relationship with someone.

Are there any people here in the subreddit who have experienced this problem, fear of intimacy but at the same time great longing for a relationship, and might have some tips on how to best face it?

Thank you and best regards from Austria
B