Need to vent.
Hello, I'm struggling in a lot of ways, and right now even opening up to others is difficult, so please bear with me. I've lost count of the number of times I've started writing this post only to delete it. Fingers crossed I can finish this. 

**TW: brief mention of sexual assault, bullying, and isolation; discussion on death, grief and suicide**

I'm drowning. That's the only way I can describe it. In addition to CPTSD, I also have severe chronic pain, and I'm grieving the loss of my dad, who I was very close to. I'm so overwhelmed, and despite my best efforts I'm constantly terrified and overemotional. Before I had constant pain, I struggled to understand or control my feelings. And trying to manage my past traumas while also being tortured is so very difficult. I was molested when I was 7, with the added guilt of agreeing to it because I thought it was a game. I was severely bullied and ostracized in grade school, and my teachers seemed to encourage it. The end of my senior year in high school, I found out my friends were calling me 'disgusting' behind my back because they thought I was gay (not sure I was then, but I am now). College wasn't much better as I had my friends reject me because they thought I should control my boyfriend better, who was also a jack-ass. And now, my dad passed in July. He suffered so much in the last six months of his life. Every medical institution we trusted let us down until his body couldn't take it anymore. 

I feel so broken and I don't know what to do to fix it. I have a therapist helping me but it's slow going. Part of me wonders why I'm trying when I don't believe it will work. 

I can't see a future for myself, and the thought of living years and decades without my dad feels like hell. Knowing one day that my sister and mom will also eventually die scares me so much, because I'll just be in a deeper circle of hell than I already live in. I don't understand how you just disappear when you die. I have been trying to come to terms with dad's death, to understand the finality of it, to accept that I will never see him again. And it hurts, and I spend so much time crying and I never feel any better, even though you're supposed to feel better after a good cry. All of our shared movies, shows, books, and music now feel haunted. My homework from my therapist is to listen to dad's favorite songs, to help me process the trauma of losing him, and to work on how triggering they are. But I don't enjoy them anymore. I don't even know if I like music anymore. It was such an important aspect of my life, and I enjoyed singing with him on car rides. Dad was the only one I felt comfortable enough to sing in front of. I used put music on and sing on days when my pain wasn't so severe. I can't sing anymore. The last time I did was to comfort him on his deathbed.  

Dad's death has turned my whole life upside down. I was living with him and although it was difficult, my dad worked so hard to help me feel loved. Now I live with my sister and her husband in their house. My sister and I often butt heads and we struggle to communicate. It doesn't help that my pain causes me to lash out or become overemotional. And when you're in that amount of pain, every inconvenience becomes a catastrophe. When I try to express how I feel, my sister calls me dramatic or passive aggressive. And I can see her point: some of what I say may appear as just me trying to guilt her. But that's not my intention, neither is manipulation. I want to talk to her, to work on communicating and understanding each other better, but she doesn't seem interested. I'm hoping that tonight I can explain some of this to her, but I don't know if she'll understand. I don't know how dad put up with me. 

I'm so alone. I can't drive anymore, and it's a struggle to keep up with friends and my mom when I am exhausted and in pain all the time. Dad and I would often just enjoy sitting in the same room together, even if we were doing different things. I don't have that anymore. I don't have hobbies anymore. My hands often hurt too much to do anything. Today is a rare gift that I'm able to type so much. I'd love to just spend time with my sister and BIL, but they get home from work and sequester themselves in their bedroom and I can't join them. They both smoke and my asthma doesn't respond well, even with wearing a mask 24/7. I'm having to wear the mask because they have 4 cats and don't have the energy to vacuum or clean, which is understandable, but I am allergic. When I lived with my dad, keeping up with my own cat was manageable, and I had the energy and enough hours of painlessness that I could vacuum and do other chores. I want to clean, and help around my sister's house but my pain makes getting out of bed so difficult now. Today's the first day in weeks that it's not so horrible. 

Overall, my pain seems to be getting worse, and I know that stress makes it worse, but how do I tell my brain to stop being depressed and anxious all the time? My hips hurt so much I struggle with sitting upright most days, and laying down doesn't offer much relief. Standing and walking is worse, so I limp around doing the best I can to at least feed the cats. I can't keep up with my hygiene, I shower maybe once a week. I can't keep up with doing dishes for my sister and BIL. I can't clean for them. I can't work to help with my expenses. I can't keep up with caring for my own cat, and it's getting to the point where I may need to rehome him. He keeps getting into food that my sister and BIL leave out, and they often cook with onions which are toxic to cats. He's my only companion right now, and the thought of having to give him up, of failing to care for him, is too much to bear. I ask for them to be careful, to help me find solutions, but they are just as exhausted as I am. My BIL explained that it's not the owner's job to prevent a cat from getting into things, if they get hurt it's their fault. It's their house, it's rude to ask them to change things for me. 

I'm also struggling with no appetite and insomnia. The pain prevents me from wanting to eat. I finally ate yesterday and every swallow was a struggle and I felt like vomiting afterwards. I sleep in 2 hour segments. I don't dream anymore, which may be a good thing as my recent experiences with dreams isn't great. I keep seeing my dad in my dreams, and that's the only time I'm going to see him anymore. I wake up and cry and scream because he's gone.

I've been applying for disability for years, and they keep denying me. Even though I can't work, and have zero income. My disability lawyer is confident I will eventually be approved, but this entire process is exhausting and demeaning. Got a denial letter in the mail today. The next step is likely to present my case in front of a judge. But the last one I had, the job specialist couldn't identify what professions I could do, and I was still denied. I don't have much hope that I'm going to change their minds this time. 

I know I'm useless. I know I'm not going to amount to anything. I know I am a disappointment to everyone. I'm a stain. I wish I had the courage to kill myself. I keep trying, but I keep backing out at the last minute. Pills, hanging, a knife through the heart. I'm just a coward because I'm afraid of disappearing like dad did. And I don't know why I'm so afraid of it when I know I'm not worth anything. Psychiatric wards don't care if you're in pain, especially when no pain medications work to begin with, so going to one won't help me. 

I don't know what to do. I'm so broken, and I'm so very tired of trying to keep the pieces together. I'm tired of pain. I'm tired of living. 

Thanks for listening. Sorry if it's too much.