I was an incredibly repressed child and have turned into an incredibly repressed adult. I want OUT.
My mom was an intemperate person. Emotionally, financially, even sexually. In her defense, she had a brain tumor that took away whatever ability to control herself she had, but according to the things I know about her past, she was like that even before the tumor started to significantly impair her functioning. As a child, I saw the way that she acted, and I didn't want to be the same way. 

Even as a toddler, when I got angry, I would walk around with my hands clenched into fists and say aloud to myself, "No, I can't feel that way. I can't feel that way." I would break down crying when I got mad (and still do), and even if I got caught crying, I would tell some poorly constructed lie to hide that I was mad (like that I was suddenly crying over my deceased grandparents, and the fact that this was happening right after my brother ate all the candy was just a coincidence).

From the time I had my own money, even if it was just an allowance or money gifted to me, I felt terrible for spending it. I distinctly remember going to the mall when I was 8 with exactly $54 in my purse, watching my mother buy a whole bunch of stuff we didn't need, and being mentally incapable of buying the toy that I wanted. When I was a teenager, I would go into stores, see things that I wanted, and *agonize* over whether it was worth it to buy them before finally giving up and leaving empty-handed. When I did manage to just buy the goddamn thing, I always regretted it. To this day, I can't mentally just buy things I want, even if I have the money.

My mom used her period as an excuse to be abusive towards us and pick fights with my dad. I started to hate hearing her even mention her period. I decided that I wasn't going to be like that. I remember being 8 and imagining getting my period and shoving the bloody underwear to the bottom of my hamper because "I didn't want Daddy to know he could become a grandfather". Well, when I got my period 4 years later, that's exactly what I did. I didn't tell anyone I had gotten my period until 7 months later, when my mom walked in while I was on the toilet and noticed the blood.

I could write a fucking book about how sexually repressed I was. My mom was very sexually focused and told me way more than was appropriate for my age, and I thought that if I somehow convinced her that I was an asexual being, she would stop. I felt like I was less valuable if I was sexual. My mom sexualized *everything*, so I would feel shameful for, like, liking a Celine Dion song because my mom told me that the lyrics were very elegantly referring to sex. When I went to the beach with my family, I made a point of waiting as long as I could to take my clothes off because I didn't want anyone to think I enjoyed being partially dressed "like a stripper". When kids at school told sexual jokes, I would either feign not knowing what they were talking about, or act disgusted. This earned me a reputation for being prudish and stuck up, but I thought this was what I was supposed to do.

This sexual repression spilled over into even the *idea* of romantic relationships, because I knew romantic relationships led to sex and sex was bad. I "liked" a lot of boys because I was trying to play out some script (I'm a writer and have always looked at my life like it's a story), even though I didn't actually like *them*, but the first boy I *actually* liked was my best friend in third grade. Our other best friend liked him too and I pushed all of my feelings onto her because I couldn't admit my own. I "slut shamed" her in my head, just for liking a boy- I did that to other girls on a few occasions, because I was so jealous of them. The year after that, I was in a theater camp and, after we rehearsed a love song in the play we were doing, I got into a *literal argument* with another girl over whether we were too young for love. I still listen to that song sometimes, and cry for the poor repressed little girl I was. 

Now here I am, nearly 22 years old, and still *mentally incapable* of going after the things I want- material goods, life success, relationships. I'm still incredibly uptight and I can *feel* the tension in my body now. I've been stuck in a rut since I started trauma therapy. I complained to my first therapist in high school that I could never just "do a thing", and that I "couldn't wait to get the hell out of here". I thought that going away to college would free me from my mental prison. But every time I tried to get out, all I did was screw up my life. Now I'm on year 2 of a leave of absence and I'm so afraid to go back. I wish so badly that I could just *do a goddamn thing*.  But I *can't*. And it feels like this is just who I am.