Running up against a wall with an abysmal dating track record
I'm a guy in my 30's, am professionally and financially successful, physically average, well educated and traveled, have many friends, hobbies, and pursuits, and am regularly considered a great and interesting guy by people who know me across many different circles (many friend groups, colleagues, etc.). Dating aside, I'm perfectly happy and content with my life and, while there's always room to grow, for the last few years I've been living as my best self.

I've been in many relationships of varying lengths in my 20's, often stemming from hometown or school or friend connections, but have been single over the last few years despite being socially active and using dating apps. I continue to watch everyone around me go from one guy or girl to the next, get into long term relationships, marriages, sometimes even second marriages, starting families, etc., while I sit here watching them all pass me by as I struggle to even land dates. I have just as many things going for me as they do, in many cases way more than them, yet I continue to get zero interest.

I get a decent amount of matches on apps or even at singles events, even an occasional number from a girl at a party yet conversation after that drops off to near zero levels with them not responding from the get-go or after only a few back and forths. What's most confusing are the conversations that break down mid setting a time/place for a date. The two dates I've been able to land this year went well with both of us expressing interest in a second date afterward but then they dropped off immediately or days later. I'll also have friends try setting me up with single women they know who automatically say no in spite of everything going for me, or who will say yes but then not communicate just like I mentioned earlier.

People keep pointing me towards "solutions" like get ripped at the gym or volunteer somewhere or get on the board of a community organization or charity while those all seem superficial or over the top and they were all able to find partners without doing any of those things. Some will just say forget about everything entirely and just go on with my life as is. 

What's most frustrating is the total lack of feedback considering I'm always told how great of a catch I am or how many people are confused as to why I'm still single. I'm the only one in my exrended family, various friend circles, and even coworkers who is single and most of them are not just in relationships but in marriages now. I'm at a point where I really don't know what to do anymore and it's hard to not feel like shit with the constant and often brutal constant rejection.

Why is it so difficult? What am I lacking? What am I missing here?