kinda losing hope in the whole dating thing.
4 times in the past year or just over a year, I have gotten close to people where we are more than friends but less than a relationship. People have expressed their feelings for me yet they havent been willing to get commit to me or whatever. It usually either fizzles out because I realise its not going anywhere and I dont want to feel used so I just create distance over time or say I want to stop talking to them and why. 

Anyway I'm going through it right now. Unfortunately they are somewhat close to my family, like they know my brother and his girlfriend and our parents know one another etc etc. And me, my brother&amp;his partner and this person I'm seeing all have a plan to do something together out.

Its the same situation that theyve expressed their feelings but dont want to commit and I am finding myself feeling used/taken advantage of because I'm willing to be understanding and "kind" and continue to give them my time and affection/attention. 

Kinda just feel like I'm being used, like i said before. I had a relationship once where my partner actually loved me and I dont think I'm going to find that again, because from experience, many people just like the attention/being made to feel special rather than actually wanting to know me and take time to understand me. 

The whole thing makes me feel like embarassed? or ashamed? idk. They arent willing to commit and i just feel stupid still giving them the same attention and stuff.

Edit: I must add, getting to this stage is not hard for me. Hooking up with people usually isnt too difficult for me. I know I'm not unattractive, I take care of myself, I work 2 jobs, still make time to go out and have fun and I'm involved with what I consider to be an interesting underground music scene in the city, so I'm not boring.

I know a lot of my flaws too, but how do I find someone willing to take the time to get to know me and commit to me. I am comfortable by myself most of the time but getting into these situations make me feel so lonely.