Just want to get it off my chest and want others to not give up.
I(25M) matched with someone (22F) on Tinder and we talked for a week before meeting up on a weekend to grab food and drinks. During our first date, we talked and she seems to be interested and engaged in the conversation. I clicked with her. I mention stuff from her profile, places with good food, asked about her interests, hobbies, etc. The usual first date stuff. During the date, I did break the physical barrier. When I got home, she texted me that she would be interested in going on an ice skating date with me next week, since I brought it up and she said that was one of her "new years resolutions". But the timing for the ice skating didn't work out for us so I suggested we go get food and hang out at my place on a Wednesday.

We met up on Wednesday and got dinner, I feel like the vibe was still there, we continued our conversations from last Saturday and everything seems to be going well. She laughs and giggles on things I said. Then, we went back to my place and had ice cream. We sat on the couch and watched Netflix and I put my arms around her and she reciprocated by leaning on my shoulder. I mentioned her hands are cold and she was flirty about it and asking me to warm it up. We talked about places nearby and what our favorite places are. I brought up plans to go hiking and visit a nearby city too in which she seems to be on board with. But she said she was down to go ice skating the following weekend.

I hugged and kissed her at the end of the date. After a couple of days, I texted her to set up a plan to go ice skating and she responded a day later that she was down for it. She apologized for not responding sooner bc she had family in town. I texted her the day before the third date, to confirmed (since I did that on the previous two dates) she responded with "I can make it work!" (which she said  in the previous two dates). I did noticed that she unmatched me on Tinder which did caused me to wonder.

On the day we were supposed to meet up, 30 mins prior to meeting up, she texted me saying she can't make it and would like to reschedule. I was fine with it and said we can reschedule. A few days later, I made plans to meet up and she responded saying she has a lot going on and can't reschedule. I  saw this coming and I take it as a "no, I no longer want to hangout with you" so I let it go.

I was a little upset. It sucks but "it is what it is" and that is the motto I try to live by in my dating life. If it works out, it will work out. I had a good time with her, I like her humor and our little banter, but I knew it was too good to be true. The universe just said "psyche!" lol. I didn't want to bottle up this feeling and I figured it was best to let it out somewhere. And don't give up on dating, it's a numbers game and you will find someone who is worth your time and who wants to do fun things with you!