I was used as a rebound - feeling very low
Met this girl 2 months ago.
Thought she was everything I dreamed of. 
I was someone who didn’t want to get back into a relationship, who was mostly having short flings here and there, and she made me change my mind.
She seemed so into me, constantly saying how amazing I was and how she was impressed by me. Talked about me to her parents, friends, even her boss. Everything went super fast. She was throwing lines like « I’ll support you through everything » « I really like you » as early as last wednesday. 

She dropped me yesterday out of the blue to go back to her ex who she was with for 2 years (they lived together). From her sayings, she had left him back in July.

She was supposed to pick stuff she had left at her ex’s place from when they lived together on thursday evening. I was very stressed by that and made her understand i wasn’t too keen with the idea but she said it needed to be done for it to be « done for good ». I tried to trust her.
I was supposed to wait for her to finish and meet her right after to go have dinner.
At 10pm I didn’t have any news yet. Then she calls and tells me her ex canceled on her while she was on her way and that her colleague had been tested positive for covid so she can’t see me tonight. I insist for going to hers anyways as I sensed something was of, but she insists that she wants to get tested first and doesn’t want to pass covid to me.

The next morning, as i had no news and we were supposed to meet, i text her and she ends up coming for coffee at starbucks. She kisses me to say hello, then we walked a bit and she went to buy shoes, before heading back to my place where we were supposed to work remotely. She starts working, but i quickly notice something is off. I ask her what’s up and she starts cuddling me and kissing me. I insist. Then she finally tells me she lied about thursday evening. 
Her ex didn’t cancel on her, she went there, he wanted to talk things out and she realized she still had feelings for him. She felt the need to precise she hadn’t cheated on me (…….)

After hearing that I immediately kicked her out of my house while she was crying and saying stupid stuff like « you don’t deserve this, you deserve so much better, you are amazing, etc… ». She wanted to say goodbye but I went in another room while she left. 

I feel so sad and used, lied to, shocked by how things happened, and unable to sleep / eat.

Why would someone act in such a way? I was doing awesome before and she really put me down