The friend of a guy I like kissed me. And guy is being weird and distant. What do I do?
I met this boy and we’ve been talking/flirting a little. Let’s call him X. Two weeks ago, we did a double date. My best friend and his best friend. They REALLY hit it off and have met everyday since that introduction. Him and I.. only continued to meet in groups. His friend texted to ask what I was going on Friday.. i told him I was at a bar.. and sort of made an impromptu plan and invited him and told him to bring X along. They came and we had a great time. But the friend told me he felt bad that I didn’t invite him directly. And that he was really fond of me but I don’t text him enough or give him enough attention. Anyway. I called X over to my best friends house for a house party on Saturday. He came, but so did his friend and the girl, and another one of their friends. Now, X is super social and really worked the room. Made friends with and charmed everyone. However, wasn’t really spending a lot of time with me. The third friend spent the night hitting on me though. And kissed me before he left. Messy. 

At the door when I went to see him out, he said.. can I show you a magic trick? And kissed me. I didn’t know what to do. I mentioned it to X. And he’s been weird with me since. When someone else asked if I wanted that guys number.. he said - don’t ask her that while I’m around and walked away. I know he sort of likes me. But he’s pulled away now and confusing me. I sort of like him too. How do I fix this tenseness ? 

After the party.. I texted him to say- the next time we meet, can it just be the two of us please? And he replied saying “oh ok”. 
A lot of his responses since have just been “oh ok” or “hmm” and one word responses. 

I called him last night and he just said “ did you call for a reason or just generally?” I said just called to say hi and he said he was with his friends and said “ok I’ll talk to you later then” 

I just don’t know how to make this better.


Edit/follow up…I texted him about it. I told him it was weird and that I wanted to talk to him about it. He said why do you want to talk to me about this? With what perspective do you want to have this conversation? 

So I said look I called you there because I wanted to chill with you. You. Not your friend. And that thing with your friend was just….. weird. And I felt weird. And I don’t know why I wanted to talk to you about it.

His only response was - well what am I supposed to say? 

:/