is he flirting or being friendly?
so basically there’s this guy (24m) that i (22f) work with that i kinda like and i think he might like me back but i can’t tell for the life of me. i started working at this restaurant in the beginning of 2019 and he already worked there for a few months. we went to school together our whole lives but we never talked and he was never on my radar because he was 2 years older than me and we didnt hang around the same crowds. around 6 months into working together, i realized i might have a little crush so i acted accordingly, and by that i mean i laughed at everything he said and hoped he got the hint LOL, but nonetheless nothing came from it. he would do stuff like stand up at the counter with me during our whole shift (when he can sit down at the tables on the other side of the counter), asked me about my family and sisters, teased me about absolutely everything, wouldn’t break eye contact ever, laughed at everything i said, and more shit that i could go on for hours about (kept a mf journal throughout this so i have stories on stories if anyone wanted more context lol) 

BUT everything got cut short in march 2020 as the pandemic began and someone stole his pay out of the register while he was on vacation so he ended up quitting. i didn’t see him for over a year and a half and finally talked myself down from the crush and moved on. 

fast forward to about 2/3 weeks ago, i was delivering for my job and he ordered so when i texted him to say that his food was on his step, he said “thank you :) miss you hope you’re doing well” and i responded back with something along the lines of i miss you and hope you’re doing good too, you can come back anytime we need the help and basically he said yes i talked to my boss and he started working with me again. i’ve only worked with him twice since he’s been back but something sus is happening again! this past friday we were suuuper slow after thanksgiving so we had a lot of down time and just talked for about 4 hours straight pretty much and i’m getting mixed signals. just like from before he stood up at the counter with me the whole day when he could’ve been sitting down and playing on his phone, there’s two chinese restaurant’s in our parking lot and he asked me if i liked them and we got to talking and he was asking me about all these other places and if i’ve ever been and all this stuff so i dont know if he’s trying to bait me or what. he brought up two social media posts that i’ve made in the last month so he’s been up to date and liking my socials which isn’t that weird but still to bring them up!! i also brought up my cousin that happens to be his friend and he freaked and we had a whole convo him and how much of a small world it is and how much we love him. i also brought up how i didn’t like blue cheese randomly and he was like oh my god i remember that from before there was a whole thing where you wrote down that and went on with a story that *I* didn’t even remember. my co manager and i both texted him on thanksgiving to let him know that we were opening later than scheduled and he wished me a happy thanksgiving with an angel emoji (sus) and also told my co-manager (who is also my best friend btw) to tell me happy thanksgiving too! so he did it twice, which again, isn’t too weird.. but then again.. it kinda is. to go along with that, later thanksgiving night i was at dinner and my friends nephews were climbing all over me and i had my phone unlocked in my hand and was pressing the screen without my knowledge and all of a sudden i hear my phone making a facetime call and i look down and it was to him!!! i freaked out and hung up immediately and hoped he didn’t see it lol. well i got a text the next morning saying sorry i didn’t answer last night i fell asleep and i took that as he -wouldve- answered if he was awake, unless he was just lying to make me feel better lol. i told my other best friend about all of this and showed her the messages and she thinks he’s flirting but then again she’s not there with my when all of this is happening so she’s not sure and i’m also so oblivious. my only shot at deciding for myself is to keep my eye on how he interacts with the other people i work with because he totally could just be super nice and i’m being a weirdo but there’s something that’s not sitting right. i dont know thoughts and options are much appreciated because i’m most definitely reading wayyyy to far into this. sorry for telling my whole life story but hopefully that gave some type of layout for what’s going on. 

TLDR; does this boy like me (sorry ur gonna have to read for context lol)