Ex GF messaged me to apologise and I'm not sure how to proceed.
Hi there!

To make a long story short-

My ex (20f) broke up with me (21m) at the end of October, she was having conflicting feelings about everything more or less immediately afterwards. 
We were kind of tugging and pulling (you can find more info on my profile), but things ended up seemingly sour at the end due to both of us being emotionally drained and burnt-out.

I lost a lot of respect for her at this point and found myself caring a lot less because she was being quite harsh, more or less putting all the blame of the failure of the relationship on me but i also did admit to all my mistakes and was actively changing myself for her.
One of the last things she said to me was that ' i can't do it, i can't get past the resentment and everything else to make it work', i gave perhaps the sincerest apology i think i ever have and we left it at that.

On Saturday we ended up in contact again, and she sent me a big message saying -

" I've been thinking about my constant failures in communication and lying to myself and you about the state of things
I missed hundreds of opportunities to actually talk about stuff and I can only blame so many of them on being too overwhelmed to talk it through properly
And I'm sorry you didn't deserved to be dragged through it while I boiled over like a neglected pot of water 
The phone call I really failed to acknowledge my own problems in the relationship 
And wasvery harsh that night I just very exhausted and numb and pretty much just wanted it over with "

along with other things like ' im sorry, you deserved better "

we talked for an hour and a half, it felt like 5 minutes to both of us and ever since it's been driving me nuts.
before we talked i was making peace with everything, gaining a lot of confidence and literally anything good you can from a breakup,
but she messaged me and a lot of feelings came flooding back.

the main thing is, is that she did talk about the resentment before multiple times as a big issue but it seems from what she said on Saturday that actually after some time she is able to move past it.

Just for some context, her being overwhelmed from multiple things at once was what ended up being the driving force to break us up 
but now her university term is winding down for Christmas break and has a lot more time to herself.

Should i just leave it where it is, or should I maybe try talk more? I do still want her but i just genuinely dont know what's going on lmao