I felt horrible anxiety, now feel bored. (32/M)
First of all, I have a therapist and we talk about this problem. I know it's impossible to give an accurate answer without knowing me, but I am still interested in similar stories and how they ended. I am also curious about what you think can cause this.

So I met this girl and we went on a few dates. As always when I realize a girl is interested in me I start to feel very intense anxiety, where I can't sleep, need to take xanax, etc. It was no different this time, but I think I managed it much better than before: I understood that I don't have to behave as she pleases, and I can just be myself, and if it doesn't work, it is still OK. And I behaved like so.

So after a few dates and 2 weeks full of anxiety, we talked about some deep stuff about us, like anxieties existing in both of us, fears we have about the other, it was very honest. We had very good sex too, it was the best I ever had, and she seemed to be satisfied with it too.

In one word, she seems to accept me like this, which is so great. 

But after a few days of thinking about her and feeling very good, the next time we met I was not anxious, instead I felt boredom, which exist till then. Which is horrible....  I was so into this girl for months, I tried to meet her, and get to know her. And I find her very attractive, funny, smart, kind-hearted. She is in a very poor situation but she keeps fighting which I truly adore. So rationally I think she is perfect, but problem is that now that there is no more chase, no more challenge, I feel bored, and I do not feel the perfectness I rationally adore. 

This is not entirely new to me though, in 6th grade when a girl I adored for months started to like me, I started to feel she is lame, and she became unsympathetic. I felt only pity towards her, and didn't want to be around when she was there. After this experience, all of my relationships started with me doing everything the other person wanted, just so I can be loved, so my anxieties never fully went away during the relationship.

This seems so stupid, but I can't help to feel what I feel. But I really wanna understand this situation and do something about it. I really don't wanna lose this girl, but I don't know what to do.