Not as engaged in life - lacking discipline - when I'm on my own.
I used to be a hard charging male in my 20s. All work. All gym. Thai boxing. Ripping through books. Creating and sharing my ideas to life. And very much on the path to improving myself. I had this vision of "becoming a someone in their prime during their 35 years". 

Then during my 29-30 year I got dragged through my own personal version of hell for about 18 months. Moved back home to rebuild the business, managed to get some footing. Rebuilt my business, got a penthouse view apartment, luxury car, social circle back, reading and trying to stay the course- etc. However at this time I also put on heaps of weight, so despite the surface level "success" there were clearly some red flags happening internally.

I'm turning 32 in a month, and have noticed this entire year. I've turned super super passive - with myself.

I let things slide that I otherwise wouldn't when 3 years earlier. Not big things. The little things, but I know these little things compound. Like swapping a bike ride (cardio) for net flix. Or playing a quick computer game rather than doing work. Or wearing casual clothes instead of taking the time to dress in my suits that I adore and love. Spending way to much time on my screens. Skipping my skin routine at night etc. 

I'm just not actively engaged when I'm on my own, and by the time I catch myself out. It's already to late and the days over. Or the mistake is made. My feet are gripped into the ground when I act, I can be persuade by Impulses and desires.

I dont like who I am becoming. I don't want to waste my 30s just being passive and then having to play catch up with my health, wealth, joy, friends and mind.

I'm usually pretty good when I am "performing". For example when I lead my friends through a insane workout routine, I'm great. On point. And I like who I am. But. I use the word performing as if I'm on my own, I am much more passive. I try to surround myself with people in every environment - however this doesn't always work. I would much prefer for this to be a bonus rather than a requirement. 

I've lost most of my self determination and discipline.

I have so many goals and things I need to do. But they never seem to get done. Or I get them done at the last minute to the most basic level. And this then typically eats into my gym time or social time because it's done so late if not overdue. Which kind of keeps me playing catch up rather than enjoying my time off. 

I would say I'm pretty advanced in the self development journey but despite my understandings and revisits to the foundations... Still swaying off the path more than I am sticking onto it. I know I need to harden up and just get back on the path but 😥.. There never used to be this much resistance or dis self trust. 

Any advice? Or resources anyone can point me into? 

Much love. 
- a fellow path seeker.