Just over 2 months ago, I decided to improve my life. I genuinely made more progress in these 60 days than I made in the last 3 years. Read if you want to be less depressed.
I cried from happiness this morning, for the first time in a good while. I feel like I'm finally getting back to my old self - the Omar that was dedicated, grateful, active and sentimental. It was only when I went back through my noteback that I realised how far I've come. 

This is my advice to anyone wanting to improve themselves, particularly if you are depressed like I was. Pretty much all of last year, I did hardly any uni work, and sat at my computer screen all day. Literally the only times I would leave my room would be to get food (just to bring it up to my room), to brush my teeth and to take a shit. I stopped exercising completely for months on end, and substituted this with instant gratification activities like watching youtube and porn, and playing PC games. I intended to start this journey at the start of 2021, and guess what? I delayed it, and delayed it, and kept delaying it, because that was what I had conditioned myself to do whenever something got hard. 

The biggest piece of advice I could give to someone starting out like I was, is the phrase: 
Be more human. 

Now I don't want to get all deep and philosophical about what it means to be a human, but here is the key takeaway. Over hundereds of thousand, maybe even millions of years (I'm bad at history lol), humans evolved, into what we see today. Our environment has evolved and our circumstances have improved: almost all of you reading this will have easy access to food, clean water, shelter, warmth, clothing, etc. However, we have pretty similar brains to our ancestors, we have the same needs and we react to the stimuli in the same way - If you grab a hot object, your reflexes will force you to drop or let go of that object. Our ancestors would probably spend hours tracking and hunting down dinner, then enjoy that meal around a fire with their tribe, and as day turns to night, they'd gaze up at the stars before going to sleep in a crusty hut made of mud. Essentially, our ancestors delayed gratification all the time - they had to put in mental and physical work to acquire a meal, and some days, food wasn't even guaranteed. They had to be grateful for what they had at that current moment, because they didn't know if they'd have the same food tomorrow, or if their access to water would be comprimised. 

Two of the most powerful tools to fight depression in my personal experience have been exercise, and practising gratitude. I would go so far as saying that these are requirements if you want to feel happier and improve your life, not just for when you feel like it. How can we expect to feel happy and not depressed when we are not living like humans? How can we expect to feel happy by sitting in a room all day, staring at a screen, and destroying our posture? How can we expect to feel happy when we constantly worry about the future, but can't appreciate what we have in this current moment? How can we expect to feel human? 

If you pair these two tools with meditation, the results increase tenfold. If you've never tried it, or even if you've just started, you might think how sitting still with your eyes closed makes you happy. And at first I did too, but once you develop it into a regular habit, you realise. You realise how lucky you are to open your eyes and have shelter, warmth and comfort. You learn how to control your breathing, this helped me significantly reduce my anxiety in certain situations. Possibly the most important thing, is that you learn to be self aware of how your body feels and its wants. I sometimes fall back into my bad habits or general laziness. I can now tell when I feel lethargic, and when I need to get off my ass and go for a walk. I can tell how good or bad my posture is and correct it immediately. I can tell how fast or slow my heart is beating, if my breaths are too shallow, if I'm breathing incorrectly. So hey, don't knock it until you try it. 

So I've given you this long ass deep rant and advice, but I know you probably won't do any of it until I give you some actionable steps. So here you go :) 

Start small, I'm talking less than baby steps. If you are in the position that I was, where you've completely lost your work ethic and willpower, you need to start tiny. When we start too big we can't sustain. The main principle is that it didn't take one big drop to fall into depression, it won't take you one leap to get out of it. It took me 4 whole years for me to realise I was depressed and that I need to change, that is how gradual it can be - it sneaks up on ya. 

Apply this principle to exercise, practising gratitude, meditation and any other goals you have, and dedicate an everyday journal to track progress. Put the things you want to achieve at the top of the page, in a row. And in a column down the left side, put today's date. Let's assume you were at the stage I was, no willpower, no work ethic, gets tired easily. Start with 1 push up today, 2 tomorrow, 3 the next day, and so on. Or if you want to start meditating, on the first day, meditate for one second, then two seconds the next day, then 3 seconds the next. If you want to start gratitude journaling, write down one thing you're grateful for today, then 2 things the next day, and so on. If you want to read more, start with one sentence, then incease to two sentences etc. The trick is to stop before it feels like a chore. If you want to start a habit, and it already feels like a chore, then you will fail. Build discipline up slowly but surely, and before you know it, you will have surpassed what you thought you could do in a few months, heck even a week. 

I hope this has been helpful to you, I hope what I've said makes actual sense and I don't just seem like a self help guru. If this helps at least one other person I'd be really happy. These things have absolutely saved me from depression, they might work for you, you might think they won't. Go ahead and try them and I promise you won't have any regets. And remember, be more human :)