Endless Loop of Nothing
Hello fellow Redditors, as the title states, I have been stuck in an endless loop since the start of the pandemic. I’m an 18 year old male with tremendous ambitions and and ideas and yet can’t even spend 5 minutes working my ass off. Every single day since March 2020 has been the exact same, I wake up and either scroll thru tik tok, watch YouTube videos or Netflix, or spend the entire day playing video games. It’s gotten to the point that I don’t even really enjoy these things anymore and just use them as a pastime to fill up every waking minute, I’m 100% sure that my dopamine receptors are so over stimulated that I don’t even enjoy doing my favourite hobbies anywhere near as much as I used to. No matter how much new information, and motivating artifacts comes to light, nothing changes. I’ve recently become informed of life-changing investment opportunities and seen that I’ve missed out on hundreds of thousands of $ worth of opportunities and even that doesnt make the slightest bit of difference to my situation. When I look at who I am, I realize that I have everything I’d ever need already and that all I gotta do is sit my ass down and work hard, yet no matter how many times this replays in my head I can’t make a change. Even now I’m thinking of how me even writing this post should be enough to get my ass up and get to work yet I just can’t. WTF is wrong with me ? I’ve tried going on a dopamine detox for 48 hours and cannot commit to that for even an hour. I even visualize my conscience floating in the afterlife abyss imagining how I wasted every moment of every day and I can truly feel the regret and even that doesn’t motivate me to get the fuck up and work. I feel as if I’ve gone over every possible scenario and counter argument in my head and nothing makes the slightest difference. Idk even know what I’m looking to get out of this post and it’s replies as I feel that I’ve gone over everything in my head. Any comments are greatly appreciated.