How to find a purpose in life
I am a 21M and simply don’t know what to do in my life. I wouldn’t say I am depressed as I actively go to the gym and have a good diet, have a strong passion for music production and play football weekly. My social life has never been the best, I’ve had many toxic relationships (mainly due to my side) due to my fear of abandonment, but I’m not too concerned about that as I am quite comfortable in my own skin and have one very close friend who lives in the other side of the world.

I did very well in school and got the highest grades and finished my bachelors as well. My parents want me to become a doctor and it is something I have been thinking about but there has never been an inner drive to pursue this. I almost feel as if I have been living through their wishes my whole life and now that for the first time I have control over my life, it feels great but quite scary. 

One side of me tells me to pursue this doctor’s degree so that I am financially stable and have a good life. Another side tells me to drop everything and pursue my love for music. However I know the hardships in that but music has always been a passion and a huge part of my life – I just don’t know if I can make it a career. I hear that once you live what you love you never work a day in your life but I fear that pursuing music will kill this passion (of course I could be wrong). But then again there is the idea of being financially stable and then pursuing my passion for music, but I fear that I will not have the time and energy and eventually the passion will die too, and I will live in regret not have tried it.

As you can I see I am constantly living in fear. I feel that now is the time to face it and make a decision before life flies by and sooner than later, I find myself at a 9-5 job.

I do apologize for this mess of a post, you can clearly see I am not thinking too straight and just stuck in this point of my life. Any form of advice and help would be great. I thank you all!