Triggering content: the S word
This week and the week before have been a turmoil of emotions for many reasons. However last night was the peak of it. 

Quick recap: I work at an international university full of fancy spoiled gen-z, my job actually requires zero to minimal interaction with the ‘kids’ aka the students. A month ago I heard in my 3rd floor top-management pyramids view office that one of those ‘kids’ has attempted suicide on campus..OD-ed on his prescribed autism-related drugs. I didn’t want to know more about the story. I just didn’t. See..I (25f) too is/was a snarky fancy kid with traumatic experiences that I tend to belittle cause ‘people are dying somewhere, suffering somewhere you are just a privileged ass with privileged traumas. Man up. You can take it.’ 

Problem is last week I came to realize that I can’t take it. I intentionally unintentionally sabotage myself and others. My brain hurts and I am unable to function for many reasons that I have rationalized and accepted (needs another thread to even start to explain them) Thing is this has been going on for years now..I have strongly refused therapy, I tend to self-diagnose and bam am healed (or so I like to think). 

last week I started to look for a therapist (obv to help me with what I believe are first world probz and privileged traumas) but I got the ‘our next available appointment is in three months’ from like three different psychologists..funny no? 
A sense of relief fell upon me. Thank you universe for the sign..I knew I was right. It would’ve been a waste of time anyways. 

Fast forward to this week. Our top-management office and crisis control at my work place leave me 7678 missed calls (apparently some unrelated-to work acquaintances were trying to reach me as well) I pick up the phone after a while. 

The ‘kid’ that od-ed last month. He is publicly sharing his suicide note on his FB page. He has said all of his goodbyes to family and friends. He is gonna do it tonight. 2 am. 800+ comment of kindness and hatred. His family was reached but they don’t want to hear about it (not his first cry for help). His address on the university form is not his current location. Time has to stop. No one knows where he is posting from. Nothing to do. Everything to do. It can’t reach 2 am. We can’t locate him. Am responsible. I just saw him last week on my way to grab coffee, struggling to find his way to a class with his handicap. I didn’t smile at him. Maybe I should’ve. Clock is ticking. Its 1:30 already. After Collective efforts from strangers and friends he is located. He is fine. Family admits him to rehabilitation the next morning. 

I panic attack the shit out of my body. Longest nights of my life. Someone was gonna kill themselves, actually seize to exist..give up on all of it. A ‘kid’. 

Maybe I should stop referring to my traumas as privileged..maybe I should look harder for a therapist that their next available appointment is tomorrow. 

If you have came this far down this long-ass rant. Reach out, don’t do it..