How can one stop the cycle of being self-destructive?
Hi everyone, hope you all are having a good day.  Sorry if this kind of post is not

I am 20 years old, working full time at an ok-paying job, but a job that I absolute hate working at, in the US. I make enough to live in my own apartment and have some extra spending money. I am very lucky to have an amazing, supportive girlfriend whom I love, and who loves me.

Throughout my entire life, I have demonstrated a lack in self-control and self-discipline when it comes to improving myself and my routines, and my schoolwork. Never really applied myself at school, and I was competent enough to coast by getting As without really having to try. If I got bad grades in a class, it was because I didn't do the homework. This was an issue that so many of my teachers throughout elementary school and into high school had warned me about but my stupid ass never listened. I rarely did homework, and when I did it was always at school, the day it was due. I graduated high school, and moved on to college.

At first I majored in physics. I really liked physics in high school, so I decided to major in it. My 2 major classes that semester were a calculus-based physics class, along with calculus 1. I hadn't taken a math class for 2 years at that point, and the last class I took was trigonometry. For a while I could keep up, but it didn't last long. When things got difficult, I didn't try harder. I shut down. I would look at the work in front of me and just cry, then go to sleep. I would hurl insults at myself in my head, all the time, punishing myself for my laziness. Like having your worst critic standing next to you all day, telling you why you can never be, will never be. It was bad at my job, too, working as a storerunner in a local place, you can never be out of the eye of the customer, and sometimes I would be berating myself in my head, trying to keep it together while checking people out. It was really bad.

I started to stop going to my classes. What's the point? I don't understand anything in the lectures anymore now that I'm so far behind. I ended up dropping the classes before the semester ended. What really didn't help is that the dorm I lived in at the time was filled with other STEM majors, and some of them can be really cocky. Talking about how easy this and that is, and doing work in the common room that I had failed so miserably at. As well as that, my girlfriend is a Yale graduate with a degree in biology. So yeah I compared myself to her a lot. Doing so just reinforced all those ideas the critic inside me had put in my head, you're stupid, you're worthless, you have no work ethic, you're going nowhere, everyone else around you is better/more capable, you're a waste of air, etc. All of those ideas I had became my reality.

For next semester, I changed my major to linguistics. I had taken a japanese language class the first semester and honestly was the only positive. So, second semester went much better. Only negative was a stats class that I took, and I did okay in, but not great. The whole time, I got those same ideas thrown at me about myself. But the material was things I already knew a little about, so I was able to pass the class. I should mention this semester is spring 2020, so towards the end I became the only person left in my dorm, and I lived on my own for around 2 months, after the semester ended I moved into an apartment.

With everything online, it became way easier for me to blow off work and miss class, and that's what happened. The linguistics classes I were taking were interesting at first, but frankly I was not interested past the 101 level and the classes became extremely boring to me, so I didn't go to them anymore. Even the classes I liked, like my japanese language class, became much more difficult after moving online. That class relied heavily on the one-on-one, in person interactions that you could have. And with that being mostly gone, I was not learning at the same pace. And I started failing that.

When I started doing poor in Japanese, it was kind of like the last straw for me. If I couldn't do that, the one thing I actually enjoyed, then I can't do anything. So halfway through, I withdrew from the semester entirely and took a leave of absence, which was really just me dropping out. And then it was just me, in my apartment, working a shitty job that pays like shit, dumb as a rock with nowhere to go. And it is just soul-crushing. Seeing your friends be successful at school, especially your girlfriend, who was top of her class throughout her upbringing and was able to succeed at an Ivy; you just feel inadequate.

I hit a stroke of luck after 2021 started and got a higher paying job working as a call center rep at a large company, from home. I actually enjoyed the training and it was rewarding, feeling like I was actually making progress in my life. After training ended, I was still getting better at the job, still progressing. But now, 4 months after training, the job is stale. Every call is the same. I mean, whatever, at least it pays well. But I feel again that I'm going nowhere. My performance has actually declined recently and I got reprimanded. Last couple weeks I've been considering suicide but I could never go through with it as long as my parents are alive and my girlfriend is with me, as much as I want to, I really know it would crush all of them horribly, so I won't.

Now, for the most part those self-destructive thoughts are gone. But every time I try to learn something, or even if I get a reminder of what I was learning in college, the thoughts come back. God forbid I try to learn something and make a mistake, I might never attempt again. I don't know how to unlearn this behavior and I know that I can never improve since making mistakes is a part of learning, and every time I make a mistake I punish myself so bad that I don't even want to try anymore. Can anyone relate to this? Does anyone know how the hell I can break this cycle? I want to learn and get better but every time I try I just hurt myself. Thanks for any reply and for reading this all the way through.

TL;DR

I dropped out of college last year and in the process developed a cool thing where everytime I get reminded of the material I was trying to learn, I berate myself in my head. I don't know how to stop this and it keeps me from growing as a person, as it keeps me away from trying to learn anything.