My two Awakenings
Here is a story I wrote about how an inner desire was and is being fulfilled in my life. Comments welcome. (Did I make a wise decision changing the object of my faith from God to something that might describe God? Am I trading eternal life for an eternal memorial in this world? What do you think?)

I attended public schools and in 7th grade found that I could excel beyond my grade level in math. After high school graduation, I joined the military as an electronics technician, after which, I did mostly construction work, but perceived a “calling” to do something that had more effect on the world. After a failed spiritual attempt to find that calling, in a moment of crisis in 1994, I suddenly became obsessed with experimenting with mathematics. I first described the MRB constant (OEIS A037077) in 1999, and I find that I become very depressed when I am not actively pursuing my math hobby, so I spend all of my free time doing, writing or at least thinking about it.

I was a Boy Scout and I remember the pursuit of one merit badge really excited me; it was the Computers Merit Badge. Ever since then I've been fascinated by computers and calculators. In my Junior year in high school, I bought a TI-58 and matching printer from the money I earned from my Laundromat job. I was pretty heavily involved in chess at that time and soon found a way to make my calculator emulate playing chess by making random legal moves. I later wrote a better program, which had a few openings memorized, for computers. I also found that I could actually make a little money by selling biorhythms computed by my calculator.

Marine Corps Boot camp was rather stressful and I remember that one distraction that helped me cope was writing small "Basic" computer programs in my head. It did occasionally interfere with my mental performance, but I made it through OK anyway. The stress wasn't all bad; sometimes it motivated me and helped me to be proud to be a Marine. I would like to think that the stress had nothing to do with it; but, then there was that first pivotal point in my life: when I was stationed at 29 Palms that I had a spiritual awakening, and like I do with everything else, I took it to the extreme! I became quite a Christian fanatic and spent all my free time reading books on theology and at the same time endeavoring to see God at work in my life. I must admit that I did see evidence of God “working,” but how much of that was just my perception? I spent all of my expendable income, including selling my favorite calculator, to buy books and tapes; it sounds kind of silly, but something was building up inside me. It was something that I had to some degree for as long as I can remember. It was a sense that I would accomplish something in my life that would truly make me feel satisfied.

My Christian experience as a Marine was mixed with a measure of mysticism. The typical religious surroundings in 1979 were not as charismatic as they are today. Nonetheless, I was exposed to some early version of today’s mainstream “faith” theology. With only a feeling that something was true about it and absolutely no formal training, I soon diverted into a little bit of a mystical experience. I began really searching for evidence of God influencing reality; it became quite an obsession! I found that the mind, a part of the soul, could “receive revelation” about God, his will, and the nature of the universe. As with any such half-baked pursuit, my experience had a great deal of failure. However, there was a small amount of perceived success, which I guess, kept me going.

The euphoria of spirituality was all-consuming. So, consuming was it that my perception of reality changed from one that said that the universe was simply observed by people to one that said people through faith change the universe. Living in the desert, I would try out my faith powers and do really silly things. On one particularly hot day, I commanded the weather to consist of rain; I said it out loud! There was a friend whose spiritual interest I was trying to stir up present when I did so. The initial response was of course the impression that I made a fool out of myself. That evening we went to Palm Springs, almost a weekly experience, and staying at another friend’s house that night it started to rain so much that many of the streets were flooded. I then subtly reminded the bystander of my previous proclamation. Then there was the Friday that I felt led me to visit a certain location in Los Angeles. I had the money for a bus ride there, so I went. I left 29 Palms around 4:30 PM. The bus route transferred at Palm Springs and left for LA sometime around 7:00. Needless to say, it was night when I got there. The first thing that happened when I left the bus station was a gang of juveniles accosted me. Being in my “spiritual” frame of mind, I shined them on with a few religious phrases, and they went on to bug someone else. Throughout that night I simply followed a map in my head and went on a guided tour hosted by my thoughts. It was like I was dreaming; it did last all night. I saw what people did in the past, what they used various buildings for, and considered the spiritual state of them and the people who presently lived there. After my walking dream, I was presented with a small problem; I didn’t have the money to get home. Following my inner guide, I found the perfect solution. I bought a ticket to Palm Springs, spent the day with friends, and on Sunday I hitchhiked back to base.

My four years at 29 were filled with such experiences. I did mellow somewhat, however, in my spiritual taste; and by the time I left the Corps, I had at least an artificial aura of maturity about me, and followed the impressions I got from my inner guide to occupy myself with communicating with others all of the spiritual things that I had learned.

\[In this space I would like to talk about my life from 1983 to 1994.\]

After my Marine Corps experience, I was quick to call myself a “minister” and look for people willing to listen to all I had learned. I was never a good communicator of my faith, however. I was always too conscious of the fact that many people thought what I had to say was “crazy,” and a few others thought what I had to say was spiritual. I was quick to decide which type of person any individual was, and I usually only spent time teaching the ones who I thought would accept what I had to say.

I did travel to Pennsylvania and New York, as well as a few churches here in Indianapolis “ministering.”