How to do better when your circumstances are crippling?
TW: suicide, rape

TLDR; my dad has been neglecting my brother (16) who finally reached his limit and attempted suicide and is now in a psych ward, found out he was raped by an older man who most likely groomed him, and my parents are more worried about saving their ass and dealing with CPS and the court case rather than be concerned for him and his mental health/life. 

I (F21) grew up in a really bad situation. My family was living in poverty and we got evicted from every single house we ever lived in, had no stable home because my parents would randomly move during the school year to other cities, Dad would abandon us randomly and ghost us and whenever he was present, he would use his kids as an excuse to get money from people who "felt bad for the kids". My parents have a horrible relationship. 

My mother is severely mentally ill with multiple personality disorders so living with her is impossible. She has never been able to maintain relationships with anyone and is so explosive she can change from 0 to 100 in one second. She starts fights between everyone and says the worst possible things you can imagine. Ex: telling my sister who had a 5 month premature baby that had many complications that the reason her child turned out like that is because my sister is a horrible person and God was punishing her for that and that her baby is gonna die cause of it. Or the time she told my brother (who was 14 and a cancer survivor) that she wishes he gets cancer again and dies this time. 

The worst part is that my mom is like that but then she is also like a sweet, loving mom. She switches up so fast and she genuinely doesn't have the capacity to be aware of what she is doing and saying. My mom suffered from a really bad head injury as a child to the point where if you touch her head, you can literally feel a dip, like a crater. So that severely impacted her mental functions because she just does not have the capacity to understand anything, be logical, etc. and everyone who has ever met her thinks she's crazy. She is extremely delusional, paranoid, and thinks everyone is trying to kill her (including her own kids). We can't even get her any help because she doesn't speak or understand English that well and there are not really any translators that speak our native language since it is so rare. 

Anyways, growing up, it was just a horrible environment. My family is extremely dysfunctional as you can probably tell by now. My parents neglected us severely. One of my brothers was diagnosed with cancer when he was 3 and due to my parent's carelessness and negligence, he was taken into foster care. We dealt with the court case for over 4 years before we finally regained custody for him. And it sounds so bad to say this, but to this day, everyone in my family says and believes that my brother would have been so much better off if he had stayed with his last foster parents. 

My brother M is currently living with my dad/mom who DO NOT take care of him. They neglect him so much and I have been a victim of this myself when I was younger. He never has food to eat, money, clothes, don't take him to school if he missed the bus, etc. They also emotionally abuse him in ways I can't even explain. My parents hate each other and always argue with another (in front of my brother) about how they can't take care of him anymore, he's ruining their life, because of him they can't do what they want, they don't have money because all the money they do have they're spending for him by paying rent etc. Everything between my parents is always about money money money. 

My dad takes the government money my brother gets and uses it on himself. He also randomly will put my brother in uncomfortable situations just so he can get more money. He kicked out my brother for more than a month from his bedroom so that my dad could "rent out the room" to this older man and get money from it (that he then complained he had to spend on my brother) and made my brother sleep on the floor/couch in the living room. Sometimes, my brother will go to my mom's house for a few days when he hasn't eaten food and is hungry but then he always ends up leaving because my mom is emotionally unstable and explosive. My brother has been living in this unstable situation for a long time now where there is no better alternative. 

There's so much more I need to say, but that would make this post even longer than it already is. But back to the present. 

Yesterday I got a message from my dad saying that my younger brother M attempted suicide and a worker at Kroger saw him taking pills and was concerned and called the police and the paramedics arrived and took him to the hospital. He was having extreme suicidal thoughts and was extremely unstable and screaming, crying, yelling, etc. My dad tried to go see him but apparently as soon as his name was mentioned, he became enraged and started yelling that he hated my dad, and that my dad either has to go to jail or die (my brother called CPS on him a few days prior saying that he was neglecting him). And that if my dad doesn't go to jail or die, he will kill my dad or himself. So my dad didn't go in to see him.

My brother A went in to talk to him and after talking for hours, my brother A found out that brother M was raped by an older man who was probably grooming him. We don't know much about this so the details are still a little unclear but he had apparently met this guy online and one day, my dad had left to NYC and left my brother alone in the house with no food etc, so my brother went over to this man's house to get food and also just be around someone since he was home alone and when he got there, the man tied him up, put duct tape over his mouth, covered his eyes and raped him while my brother was crying and screaming for help but he could do nothing. (My brother is so small, he's 4'11 and has the body of a 10 year old even though he is 16 because of his cancer). No one knew this had happened to him. And there's pictures of him being tied up like that, that were so hard to look at. We don't know who took the picture or how my brother ended up having them on his phone. 

  
After hearing about this whole situation, I have just become so distressed. I am currently in California because I go to college here and this is the last week of my classes and I have so many big assignments and projects and presentations due this week as well as finals coming up in the upcoming week. But I booked a flight to go back home to see my brother (after he is released from the psych ward after a period of time). 

I just feel so overwhelmed and depressed/anxious/hopeless/helpless about the whole situation. I wish I could do so much more and wish I could have helped my brother these past few years but I tried my best from being long distance. But I am also a college student and poor and work two jobs and am already busting my ass and stressed from being in my last year of college and figuring out what the next steps are, and now I feel even more paralyzed and helpless. My parents have severely neglected their duties and because of that, now everyone is suffering and even though I was eventually able to escape, my brother hasn't because he's still a minor and I am so scared for what's gonna happen next. My parents don't understand what being suicidal is like and that just because he got lucky this time, doesn't mean he won't try again. And even worse, they keep spinning the story as "omg how could he do that and get us in trouble, he's giving us so much problems and stress" rather than "i am concerned for my child"

Idk why I am even posting this, but I guess the more I think about certain things, the more I realized that sometimes you CAN decide to be better and do better and then actually take the actions to make it happen, but the situation you are born into extremely impacts your chances, and this doesn't mean you're victimizing yourself or simply not trying hard enough but that some people really are just born into horrible situations that they can't escape or will forever be traumatized. I genuinely don't think my brother could have done more to be safe from all of this because he's a minor and heavily dependent on my parents ( as minors are) so it is extremely depressing and horrible to witness this happening to him. And all I hope to do now is go back and try to be there and support him and remind him that he is loved.