Want to Learn to Listen More and Talk Less
The title says it best.  For context, I am in a technical field which requires a great deal of troubleshooting/problem-solving and explaining things to people.  Both are things I'm very good at, but I also find I can sometimes be a little overbearing in my attempts to "fix" inefficiencies or "help people".  

In a recent team meeting we were all sharing ideas for process improvements, and as one of my teammates was sharing her struggle to manage data I immediately dived into a series of questions and suggestions for how I might be able to help.  I was truly upset to find out she's been wasting hours every month trying to run reports, because I know she has a large workload that can be hard to manage.

After the meeting she sent me a very abrupt IM, calling me out for interrupting her presentation.  It was at this point I became fully cognizant of how what I do can be hurtful to others.  It really upset me and helped me to reflect on the need to be a better listener but also not jump to speak so quickly.

Another recent example was an interaction with my boyfriend.  I have a "Litter Genie" in the house (like a Diaper Genie but for cat litter clumps), but it's not the most intuitive thing in terms of changing the bag.  My BF just moved in and was trying to figure this out; I asked him to step aside so I could show him how to do it.  He got very upset with me for not letting him figure it out on his own.  I realized after we talked through the interaction, that I still have some triggers from my marriage that cause me to behave this way.  My ex would get very easily frustrated with things and either give up altogether or insist we throw the "thing" away.  This usually revolved around technology items but also applied to kitchen gadgets or other things in the house.  This bred me to always jump in to fix things to keep his temper at bay.

I've studied Active Listening techniques, and can certainly revisit that topic.  I'm curious if it goes beyond this, and if there are specific techniques that can improve mindfulness in speech?