How do I start doing my best at assignments and truly learning the subject matter instead of doing the bare minimum for an A?
Throughout all of my high school years, I have been a straight-A student in all of my courses. Many would assume this was because I was "smart" or worked harder than everyone else did.

In reality, I was able to perform so well because I knew how to "milk the A". 

My main objective most of the time was to get a high mark, NOT to truly understand what was being taught to me or give all of my effort to my work. With assignments, I wouldn't go out of my way to brainstorm ideas or obtain supplies for an outstanding well-done project or presentation. Instead, I would focus on the teacher's expectations/mode of grading and do the bare minimum needed to get an A, reverse-engineer sample projects from previous years uniquely enough to count as original, or simply go to online resources (Yahoo Answers and SparkNotes).

As for studying, same principle applies. Rather than thoroughly going over my notes and using active studying techniques everyday, I would instead ask older students for copies of upcoming tests (or look them up online), and only do on on the last two days before the test. 

I only really enjoyed doing review and practice questions from the textbooks. But then again, this was because that was the easiest way for me to get marks. The review questions I would always get right through text-hunting (the answer was always in the assigned pages) and the practice questions by looking at the answer key and reverse engineering "the steps" to make it look like I did it properly.

The learning process was a better one for me. In many of my classes I was truly engaged in the subject matter and took notes attentively. Though, there were some classes with difficult teachers or uninteresting subjects in which I would either tune out entirely (later asking classmates for their notes) or just find my own way to learn (like reading the textbook instead of paying attention in class).

Generally, I loved learning. I just hated doing the work.

As to how this came to be, I am not entirely sure. Though, I believe that this is the result of me tying my self esteem to grades to such an excess that I maladaptively learned that better grades (on paper) equals more intelligence, understanding, and hard work. I also hypothesize that early on I realized that "going above and beyond" is much more than necessary to get an A, therefore I started to do less to get the same grade believing that it was more efficient than "wasting my time" to do extra effort.

Needless to say, this had terrible consequences. As I invested more of my energy to "milking the A", I became a more superficial person. In other areas of my life I began to do the bare minimum necessary to either give competent enough results (or seem like so) or prevent others from nagging/pestering me. I became more concerned with keeping up appearances rather than TRULY developing myself.

Overly concerning myself with academic achievement also closed my mind off to other ways of becoming successful. Belieiving that good grades were everything, I gave less efforts towards hobbies and let them stagnate. I did not partake in any "passion projects" nor did I show much interest towards extracurricular opportunities or building a portfolio because I simply couldn't see how it would help me in the future. I thought that my 90+ average and ways of achieving it were the only variables that would guarantee me a fulfilling, high paying career.

Thanks to my lack of effort to hobbies and extracurriculars, I forgot how to properly "love" a field of interest. My idea of being interested in a certain topic was a basic one in comparison to others who "lived and breathed" in their interests (that is, people who spend every second of their free time learning, doing/making, and networking as much as possible in their field of interest). I had an abundance of free time, which I wasted on video games and social media because I couldn't think of anything better to do (or was too uninspired to do so).

This in turn closed me off to potential opportunities to make more meaningful relationships with motivated people and to form a network/community of people with like minded interests. It also closed me off to more fulfilling experiences and new fields of interest that would have probably suited me more.

Now, I turn to this subreddit because I want to learn how to give my all towards things that I want or need to do. I'm tired of just giving little effort towards everything I do. I want to do much more than to just look good on paper.