Change after a break up
Context

My ex broke up with me some months ago. This sparked a need/want to change in me these past months. As I felt that it was my being passive and not taking initiative, not opening up emotionally that lead to break up. 

Need help/Advice.

So these past months I became more productive and focused on my Uni with studying, work and opening up with emotions. I will admit that when I started this change, it was in hopes that she would come back. I still have that hope but it is less. I like the new me that is emerging or has been emerging these past months.

I feel partly why the change was sparked and driven these past months was because everything that bought me joy before just saddened me, and I couldn’t stomach doing any of it. Old habits were dropped(was happy about this) as spending countless hours watching random YouTube videos was wasteful and not productive. 

I started making schedules, having a calendar. Following through on my plans and actually sitting down and studying. Of course they were bumps along the way. I didn’t go from bottom to top in terms of organization and productive but I feel I have moved further away from where I was before. And I would like to keep this trajectory and improve even more.

But lately, this last week especially I feel like have stagnated or even devolved. I haven’t studied all week, anything I had planned to do, I didn’t do. Went back to watching YouTube videos, and procrastinating a lot. 

I believe,ironically, that this is because I am feeling better after months have passed since the break up. Where those past habits that bought me joy are beginning to come again. This scares me. I don’t want to revert back to that. I joked that I would prefer to be in the anguish of dealing with the break up emotionally, as I was productive and liked who I was becoming.  I also feel the trigger for this downward spiral was unfollowing my ex on social media as I couldn’t be friends with her. It bought me peace and serenity where I don’t check my phone every time in hope that she has texted. 

I would love any advice on how to continue with the upward trajectory, and avoid the old habits that are surfacing again as I get better from break up.