How to practice gratitude to improve your mental health, for beginners, by a former beginner.
First of all I want to say a massive thank you to everyone on here who has supported my previous post, didn't expect it to do so well and I'm really glad that it seemed to have inspired a lot of you. I got a lot of questions about how to practice gratitude from the ground up, so I thought I'd make a post about it.

Gratitude is the quality of being thankful and expressing appreciation for something or someone. We can be grateful for many things, from something as essential as being alive and breathing on this planet, to something as small as a home cooked meal. I believe gratitude is a pillar of self improvement, and also of our general happiness. The society and culture we now live in promotes us to always plan ahead and want the next best thing, but if we can't appreciate what we have at right now, then how can we expect to be happy? 

The main way I started practicing gratitude, and how I continue to do so is by journaling. Every night, right before I go to sleep, I write down 5 things that I experienced on that day I'm grateful for, and then I read them out loud to myself. As I've done this more and more, I've found myself practicing gratitude in other ways, for example simply saying thank you to many more people in my life (this has improved my relationship with my parents especially) or stopping and admiring the sunset as I'm walking back home after a long day at university. 

To some of you, practicing gratitude everyday in the way I do might be too effortful and too big a step from where you are currently at. That is okay, the key is that you take small, actionable steps as consistently as you can to slowly build the habit. You might need to take baby steps, maybe even less than baby steps if you want to make the habit stick, become more grateful and transform your mindset in the long run. 

And what better way to start practising gratitude then now? I want you to look around you right now, in this point in time, and find something to be grateful for. Just one thing, you don't even need to write it down. You might be grateful for the device you're reading this on, you might be grateful for whatever you're sitting on whilst reading this, you might be grateful for the water bottle on your desk, or for the comfy clothing you're wearing, or you might be grateful to yourself, for coming on this subbreddit with the hopes of bettering yourself. No matter how long it takes you, I'm sure you can come up with one thing. 

I used to be very ungrateful, to the point where I would read a post like this, and maybe not even come up with that one thing or shrug it off and list a load of things to whine about. So the key for me was to develop gratitude into a chain of thought process, to almost force myself to accept why I should be grateful by logical deduction. For example, let's say I want to come to the conclusion that I'm grateful for something in my room right now. I look at my position, and see that I'm sitting in my bed. My bed is comfy, and it is a place for me to relax and sleep. Without a bed I would have to sleep on the floor, and I would get a really bad nights sleep. With a bad nights sleep, my mood would be bad tomorrow and my energy levels would be lower. Therefore I am very grateful to have a bed.

This is the key method I used to think and really understand why I should be grateful for things in my life. The same 'chain of thought' process can be used to demonstrate gratitude for other objects and physical things, people in your life, events and experiences, and even to yourself. Be grateful to yourself that you've read this far, because you want to be a better you. Well done. 

Once you start practising this type of thinking, try and build up to doing this a few times a day. Become present and aware of the situations you are in at various points in the day, and find something to be grateful for at each period (e.g. morning, afternoon, evening). Take small, steady steps with this and before you know it you will be ready to start writing these down in a journal /notepad. For me, this step really solidified my gratitude practise, and it gave me pages and pages of physical proof that I have so much to value and appreciate. Again, start small. If you've never done it before write down 1 thing you are grateful for, then 2 the next day, then 3, and so on. The habit and the mindset shift to become more grateful comes over time - you can't speedrun this, so play the long game, and enjoy the ride. 

Thank you for reading this all, I hope this all makes sense. I think I'll write my daily gratitude list here today, I encourage you guys to do the same in the comments if you want to :)

1. I am grateful to have gotten up early today (thanks body clock)
2. I am grateful to have had warmth and shelter today 
3. I am grateful that my Dad cooked me dinner today 
4. I am grateful to have gotten more work done today than yesterday 
5. I am grateful for the person reading this