I always self sabotage
I’m at 20 yr old female living in Brighton (UK). 
3 months ago I started my first year of University, I moved into a student house renting with 3 other girls. 
Over the last few years I go through phases of loving life, then having an anxiety breakdown and quitting everything. This has been college, jobs and friends.
I worked really hard to get into University and I was really excited, I thought I would get the whole student life, partying and spending time friends. It’s been the opposite, I feel so depressed I’ve been missing so many classes, I’ve been eating crap food and oversleeping. I haven’t been looking after myself and everyday I feel like a ghost. I’m always tired.
From the day I moved into my student accommodation I had a breakdown, I wanted to leave and commute from home (only a 40 minute drive to my campus) but I can’t because I’m in a fixed term contract. My landlord has given me permission to leave but only if I can find someone to take over my contract. My housemates have refused anyone I found, and they’ve chosen someone they want to move in, let’s call her lily. Lily is leaving her fixed term contract to move into my room. She hasn’t found her own replacement and this will take months because it’s a very long process. I don’t know what I could say to my housemates for them to move forward with someone who can move in asap. We do have other people who they liked, but they want Lily. My housemates have to agree to the new person, as they need to sign the new contract. While I wait for Lily to be able to move in, it costs me £500 a month. 
Everyday I wake up with anxiety, I feel sick and I can’t sleep because of how bad I want to leave this room, and how much money it costs me. I want to move home so I can work on my mental health too. 
I just feel like there is so much I want to do in my life, and so many experiences I want to have. I work so hard to get there, and then I just have a breakdown and do everything and anything to go back where I feel comfortable. 
I just need advice, why do I always screw things up for myself? Why do I always feel like the only person who isn’t happy? What could I say to the girls for them to pick a new tenant who can move in as soon as possible?