2022 New Years resolution
First I want to start off by stating that I have never really liked the idea of New Years resolutions because usually they are unrealistic but last year I created one for myself which was to live a more healthy life. Looking back on the year I think I have done a pretty good job of that but I’ve been thinking about my next goal a lot.

To give some background, I finished my masters while working full-time in august of 2020. This was one of the most difficult things I have ever done in my life. Basically lived off coffee, would sometimes go 72 hours without sleeping, and forget to eat meals. I did what I needed to do but it took a toll on me both mentally and physically. I was in a terrible mood all the time, easily agitated, severely depressed, started getting frequent anxiety attacks, severe weight gain and loss, and a loss of sex drive.

Once I completed my masters degree I promised never to treat my body like that again which prompted the first New Years resolution and this year has been going great. I maintained the healthiest relationship I’ve ever had, started playing tennis again, maintained a healthy weight, and haven’t had a single panic attack all year! 

But there is still a part of me that thinks I could be doing a whole lot better. The reason I think I could be doing better is because my cannabis consumption has increased to the point where I feel I have to smoke everyday. I started smoking two years ago when I was having anxiety issues and it definitely helps but it also effects my motivation and makes it too easy for me to put off daily tasks.

This is why I feel a calling to make my new years resolution for 2022 to be “I am not smoking or drinking for today”. My thinking is that by doing that I only need to focus on making it through the day and not the entire year. And if I make it one day at a time I’ll make it through the year, but even if I fail I only fail for the day and can continue the  goal without feeling guilty. It also makes is easier to turn down people that ask me if I want a drink by saying that I’m not drinking today than saying I’m sober or not drinking for the year.

Not sure what the point of this post was. I think I just needed to vent or see if others feel the way I do and can give the push to move forward with this. Thanks for listening and sorry if there are typos, I typed this on my phone.