TW: DEPRESSION, SUICIDAL THAUGHTS I think I might Fall in love for the first time ever but dont wanna get overhyped yet so i m not having too high expectations. Trying to motivate you with my story. Love to everyone who's struggling rn.
Whats especially rare to me is that I ve been seriously depressed(Diagnosed several times at different doctors)  for the last 5 years, since my dad died. I was 19 and when I think back now it hurts thinking about having lost a Lot of that time where you're supposed to have some first big and meaningful , lifeshaping experiences. 
Like first real love, first time ud have to figure out what u wanna do with ur life eg...

Good news first: 
But since a few months its going uphill . After like 5-6  therapists I finally found someone I can talk too so openly and it Helps so much.

Now the bad news:
 I didnt think this would've been Possible for me(Spoiler:no worries person I'm thinking I might fall in love with is not that therapist.) as I had horribe experiences with earlier therapist's and already gave up after failing so much.
 I thought noone could help me and also I didn't have any strength or willpower left, my motivation and emotions said goodbye too and I lost all hope. 

Ok I don't wanna dive to deep into it but I was at the roughest state ever when My mom opened up to me and told me she made an appointment at a new therapist  over my head, which should go down in 2 days.
 I was so angry at her at first cuz therapy for me at that time meant torture, I always felt like the bad experiences even made me feel worse so I really didn't wanna go there,but I noticed how hurt my mom was by my reaction and I started to realize that if I'm not going there I d seriously damage the relationship to my mom. 
She always supported me when I was at my lowest even tho I didn't want her to and pushed her away often. 
She kept believing in me when  I didn't.

 So I decided to go there and it was the most important and best decision of my life.
i regained just a tiny amount of hope and realized im the only person on this planet that can find the light again while sitting in my darkness.

During the time I was feeling bad, of course I could hear ppl shouting and trying to reach me through the pitch black space ofy mind( that once was bright and full of light but this black mist just took control over me and paralyzed me.), trying to help me to get up,and search for that light again. 
I have to thank my mom here especially, and my sister, my two best friends for never giving up on me. Without these persons I wouldn't be here today. I love u all. 
When I got to the point, that I got self aware of how fucked I was and self reflect every aspect and pattern of my depression, seeing how my life derailed in those 5 years, it even got worse cuz I actually always felt like I knew what I would've had to do to get better but I just couldn't do it cuz at that point I was so Fucking paralyzed I didn't even care if I didnt eat or drink for several days. 

Oof sorry for that partykiller.. Finally back to good news:
I'm 24 now and slowly starting to get better just a little from day to day. Its so surreal to me still, even tho I m in a pretty stable mood for one and a half months now. That's the longest patch of "not constantly a bad mood and feeling really weak, tired, and worthless" For the last 5 years and I'm starting to tackle and loose the fear, that it might all go to shit again soon, cuz I really gotta say I mostly would call my days "good" Again. 
and also I gotta acknowledge that and be proud of mmyself from time to time for getting there. 
I feel like I'm dreaming.
 Rarely ,I still have a bad day( mostly when I can't sleep ( I turned my bad sleeping cycle around a bit as well, but still more to go. And sometimes I just have weird night's where nothing is wrong but i just can't sleep and the day after that is without motivation again and I m not able to do the small goals I set for my day which makes me feel bad again.. Sleep cycle is key guys! ) but I can count them on one-2 hand in the last 45 days... 
Compared to 5×365 bad days that's pretty overwhelming and I get too overhyped sometimes and worry I'm manic. But it's so different to my manic episodes I had a few years ago. 
I still have to break some negative thaught loops for sure but I'm just feeling more like myself again and that's so relieving.
 Also I'm starting to think more and more about my dad, which I couldn't do for the past years a lot bc it was just too freakin painful. I start to grieve now and I m sure he's still in me and sometimes I feel like I can feel him, orto be exact I notice there's a part in my brain that also " Feels emotions" That  I can sense and name, but I m not feeling like it's me feeling these emotions. And I had this thaught that just biologically seen I'm like 50% my dad (I'm no gene expert sry if that is wrong) and that's such a soothing thaught. I feel like I found my serenity. 

And to top that all off I got to know a girl which seems so cool, understanding and intelligent. We talked (unfortunately just chatted on our phones) for like 3 hours today and I never did that with someone all my life. ( I'm normally only comfortable talking to my friends in person and also developed a quite severe social anxiety so I basically didn't chat to anyone these past years and I built up such a fear that It d took me like 20 min to write one short message to a person I'm unfamiliar with.) 
And with her I just chatted sooo long and it was hella fun. 
We already agreed to meet up the next few days and I'm so excited. 
Not even anxious.
 Which is absolutely mind blowing to me, bc that thaught alone would've caused such a fear in my head literally 2 months ago and now I'm sitting here already looking forward to it. 
I hope we ll get along in real life too :)
It's a huge step for me cuz I slowly realize now I always longed for love( not family or friend love) even when I didn't notice that myself and was playing tough guy saying I m fine staying single for the rest of my miserable life.
 I also thaught Its 100% clear to me the way i was, I would just damage anyone, and didn't wanna do that to amyone. 
 so i made the decision and just stepped out of the normal " Dating" Game until I would feel like I m liking myself enough so I can also help my partner and not just be a burden. 
And having reached that point already is so sick to me I thaught  it d take me years to get to this point, if I even  should be getting better one day( which I never even believed). 

Anyways sorry for that wall of text now I didnt even expect to basically share my life story since my dad died. Never did that. 
Felt good.
 Hope I didn't pull u down with my descriptions if ur having a rough time yourself rn.
And I know u can't hear it anymore but let me tell u it's worth to not kill urself. 
It's gonna get better one day. I was the least person to believe this but now I do and I send all the best to you and wish u strength to stay alive.
 I know u can do it. I believe in you. 
Have a good evening and if ur still reading, thank u for ur time :) I appreciate it.