My hell is over, but where do I go from here?
I've decided to dedicate this post to explaining how I managed to get through an event that even now I can't even say I recovered from, as well as asking for advice on how to move forward as I am lost. Forgive me if it is a little long. I (19 male) have always dealt with depression, starting at around 14. Luckily through religion and my father, I was able to get through my suicidal episodes and learn to work through them. After dad passed sophomore year a series of events happened including sexual assult and a mother who was extremely emotionally abusive, but I was still able to get into a great college on a good scholarship. As a very attractive, extroverted person I was able to make a lot of friends very quickly and achieve the stability I so far lacked. That all changed when this shy girl I was trying to introduce to our group asked to go to a party with us. After the party was over she asked me to come to her dorm, and after that asked to hook up. Refusing, as I was drunk and she wasn't attractive, I walked back to my dorm thinking nothing of it. After a couple days of awkwardness she ambushes me infront of most of my freinds and accuses me of r\*pe, a crime I vietmently refused. However, optics werent in my favor. I was this 6'2", abrasive meathead who was in her dorm when both of us were drunk, while she was this shy and innocent little asian girl who was only really known for liking cats. 

It wasnt long before I was kicked out into a different dorm, ostracised, and sent a title 9 accusation. It would be 3 months until the investigation came out that practically cleared my name. I'd get trickles of what went on in my old dorm but for the most part, all I knew was she was crazy and people started believing me. I don't think there was a day that went by for the first 5 weeks that I did not think about scuicide. After years of emotional abuse, depressive episodes, and the fact that I have experienced sexual assault in the past compounded on me as I had no one and nothing to do exept stare at my ceiling fan. Old friends called me a monster, gave me threats. I drank more than I care to admit and had a hard time going to church, usually my rock in these situations. I think it was only after I read camus that I started lifting again, which just about saved my life. I always lifted but now its an obsession. Now I have a reason to eat enough, sleep enough, and not drink. I also tried making friends, many distanced me after I told them what was going on, but some, specifically a girl from english(platonic), kept me sane even if I never told them my struggle. 

Its now been a week since the investigation came out, with the important parts being she changed her story three times and started apologizing and feeling guilty over something unspecified. I tried to cut off contact from my old dorm, but with all the unsolicited apologies even before the investigation it seems like everyone has accepted she made the whole thing up. Only problem is, the night sweats haven't stopped. The scuicidal thoughts haven't stopped. If anything it just got worse now that I stopped compartmentalizing. This evil woman ruined my life, and then spent the last semester partying and sleeping around and now that the cats out of the bag Im just opposed to forget it? move on? Im scared of people. Not in an anxiety kind of way but in a I panic when Im with someone alone in an elevator kind of way. I am currently paying through college, and cannot afford therapy, but I need to figure out how to overcome this hell mentally. The hearings in a month, if she doesn't withdraw it before then. Even without the fear of that hanging over me anymore,  I still feel just as isolated, and I want to kill myself. Dear reddit, do yall have any advice on how I get out of this hole? I work out, I go to church, I dont drink, and still I am lost.