I don't know how to deal with what has happened to my life
Dearest covid descendant, Omicron, hails from my country. Yep, South Africa. And it's got me thinking about the drastic turn for the worse that my life has taken since the pandemic.


I remember when the very first lockdown started here, I'd taken leave from work, with every intention of going back as soon as the virus disappeared, as it was supposed to do in 3 weeks. But it did not. And it appears that it never will, despite everyone's best efforts at it.


At the time of that lockdown, I was so heartbroken, and whenever I remember that time of my life, heartbreak is the most prominent emotion. But I've found myself missing that compared to everything that's happened since then. And being heartbroken was something I wished to never experience again!


Career has always been significantly more important to me than interpersonal relationships because I was pretty much a loner growing up and in school. But since the pandemic, despite my good school results, I've failed at literally everything career-related that I've tried. Everything.


Just last week, I suffered a failure that was totally my fault this time. And I've lost a whole week to depression since then. Every day when I wake up, it feels exactly like the day after that. It's like it's yesterday over and over again, the wound isn't healing at all. Time hasn't moved for me, and I've been more depressed than I've ever been in my entire life, including my heartbroken moments.


The first time depression appeared for me was after being heartbroken by the same person for the second time, and that's when suicidal ideation started for me. But at that time, it was just a method to escape the pain of heartbreak, and eventually I discovered that drugs could do the same. This time, my suicidal ideation isn't to escape pain, it just feels like I don't have a future for myself anymore, because everything fails. I can't see a life for myself, I can't see literally up until tomorrow. But I know tomorrow will be today again because I'm stuck reliving 25 Nov over and over again.


I've also got a few friends now, but I struggle with interacting with them so much that it stresses me out and makes me feel completely out of place in the world. I don't think I had the opportunity to learn social skills when I was growing up because I was mostly alone, and now people are confusing and I take everything too personally. I found myself ghosting my friends since 25 Nov, and I'm not usually a ghost.


The biggest thing that I just can't reconcile in my mind though is the drastic turn for the worse that the world took with the pandemic, and it feels like pandemic life will never be okay again and it's not worth living. It's like if the pandemic disappears, I'll be totally okay again, because all of my issues coincided with the beginning of it, but the pandemic won't disappear, and I don't enjoy living at all anymore.


My life is literally being confined to my house with friends who I'll never meet but can't deal with anyway, my family issues, and my cat. I don't see how this is worth living.