My wife is clinically depressed and it's getting worse (long post warning)
Hi, just looking for advice because I don't know what to do any more. I'm sorry if this isn't the right sub to post this
(Some background) My wife has been clinically diagnosed with depression for about 10 years now.
She was on antidepressants until two and half years ago but had to stop taking them because she got pregnant, and then couldn't take them when our baby was breastfeeding. 
Our baby has stopped breastfeeding for a while now . My wife decided to see an Energy healer and she recommended that she doesn't need to take antipressents even though her psychologist strongly recommends getting back on them. To the energy healers credit she has helped my wife but its usually short term and then she falls back into her depressed state ( suicidal and and tries to push everyone away).
 I always try to give her any support I can, tell and show her how much she means to me. I make it a point to tell her how much I love her multiple times a day.
She's currently not in the best state and she's really trying to push me and everyone close to her away (she's done this multiple times).
I'm currently away for work so I can't be physically there for her and she's turned off her phone.
(She's currently staying with my family so atleast I know that she's safe. However she doesn't want to let them know that's she's depressed or suicidal, so I can't let them know either even though they have an incline).
I've also being going through alot, being in a new country for work away for my family in a relatively rough environment. I've sensed myself getting more and more frustrated, but I try to keep to myself so I don't burden her, but I think she senses somethings up. 
Sorry to whoever is reading this, it feels more like a rant with jumbled thoughts.
I just genuinely don't know what to do anymore any and all advice is welcome. There is alot more to everything  but my thoughts are a bit too jumbled to put everything together, so feel free to ask about stuff that doesn't make sense and I'll try and answer them to the best of my ability.