My darkest thoughts. From my critical mental heath, depressed state at its peak. Please read..
Please read though. I really need to be heard. How come I always have to suffer. Why does it have to be this away all my life. Everybody just steps on me and I let them. I have no inner strength. I'm getting weaker everyday
.. I'm fighting mental health and its so painful. Nobody believes me since I act all figured out all the time. I'm so sad.,mad,confused.life tortures me in so many ways. I don't even know how I'm still existing. So much pain and thee is nobody I can tell it to
. There is no place for me in this world. Both homes are breeding points of my depression.
Sometimes I swear death would be so much easier. Fuck everybody that hurt me.
All I ever wanted was a good, happy life. I try to vibrate happiness and hope, while expecting the universe to reflect it back. God please have mercy on me incase this is punishment for something I did wrong. Please have mercy. I'm not strong enough to handle this pain. 
I try to relieve everyone of their suffering. But it seems like it all just fills up a big tank inside me,and it can only hold enough. Please  God, I'm too scared to speak up. So I'm gonna go numb. Please fight for me.. I swear. My mind is so poisoned. I can't think. I can't live. I can't... I'm sorry for the ones who believe in me. Cause I do not believe in myself. I have hated myself my entire life. Once I try to even like myself a little bit, then booom.i get pushed back even deeper than before.im so lost and confused.and I have to bear this heavy cross all alone. All my life. I have had no emotional support.. Please give me the strength to atleast be able to carry this pain.. I really hoped I'd be the savior of my family.. Well fuck this ball of suffering. Maybe I'm already in hell. I can't do nothing about it but complain. 
Why.... Just take me out, I give up. I m lucky I have no enough courage to take myself out. Cause I'm smarter than that. I guess in every manufacturing there's malfunctions and deformities, and I'm a malfunction of God' s creation.. God.. I'm sorry but I hate you for the fact that I've been crying to you all this time and you haven't ... No please forgive me. I guess I'm so childishly retarded to understand  this. But what kind of parent let's their child suffer like this. Maybe I'm too insignificant to be considered by your glory. . I've always struggled to do the things that come naturally for others... 
I'm just a broken soul inside a beautiful shell.
Im the definition of everything that glitters is not gold. I'm not filtering this, I'm dead inside. I have been like that for so long. Widh I could not feel nothing like every other fucking asshole.. Oh if only someone would rid me of this. I'm either gonna crash or I'm gonna explode.
This feels like a lifelong death sentence. And the worst part about this is that,all this seems like it's coming out from the mouth of a mad person.. Maybe it's the demon inside me speaking. If this is how other people like me feel.. Then this world of God is a failed project. 
I know there is still hope out there. But seems like there is no treasure down my road.
Its funny cause I was named. Emmanuel. 
It's as if it is a lifelong mockery. 
I'd anyone ever finds this.. Please do not  tell me you found it cause.. I've never explained to anyone about this. I just cry it out and then I depend on the small numbness that comes from the temporary relief of crying. I can fake the biggest smile.. But my smile lost its meaning a long time ago...
I don't know myself. Please take me out mercifully, I beg you. But promise me that the ones i love will be okay.