Triggered by my Daughter Going to School (long)
So I (41F)have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, GAD, ADHD, and SPD. Im on ADHD and Sleeping meds. The diagnosis's came over the last 2 years. I've always thought something was wrong with me, and I'm so glad that I finally went and found a therapist I love (who is  on maternity leave). I also was diagnosed with PTSD and PPD when my daughter was born 5 years ago. The PTSD was due to having a baby who didn't sleep and had severe colic. I still get PTSD triggers when I hear a baby crying for too long.


The reason for my post. I feel like I am watching myself as a kid go to school even though it's my daughter. When I started school I didn't know how to make friends, my anxiety made too scared to put myself out there. I suffered in silence. The school called my mom and they made me pick someone that they could force to be my friend. That friend made sure to let me and others know. 

 I was always so distracted and didn't pay attention, so instead of getting me tested for ADHD/ADD cause that was a boys disorder, in 3rd and 4th grade my teachers made me sit with my desk against the wall alone away from the whole class. My gym teacher in elementary school was a bully and I hated gym cause no one ever picked me, so those bad experiences led me to fail gym all the way to senior year, when I finally had a doctors note to get out of it.

I've had insomnia my whole life. My brain would just replay all the ways I thought I screwed up. I was always very sensitive and always suffered in silence and my parents never knew.

All of this was to say that I had an awful time in school that led me in high school to drink and do drugs so that I could come out of my shell and make friends.

Where my daughter comes in:

My daughter obviously was a hard baby, and then at 2 years old began having severe issues with clothing. Every day was a battle to get her to daycare so I could work. The pediatrician said it was a phase, my family said it was a phase. They all made me feel like I was crazy. My work thought my daughter and I were sick all the time cause I couldn't bear to tell them I couldn't dress my child. 18 months ago at almost 4 years old I finally had her evaluated with an occupational therapist, she has sensory processing disorder (SPD) but with clothes.  

She also seemed to have extreme anxiety about things that scared her when she was 2, at 4 years old.. what was scary? Doing a somersault once.. I couldn't enroll her in any activities. Every one we tried she seemed to have social anxiety. My family told me I was crazy.. I brought her to a pediatric cognitive therapist and she told me I was right.  It's like I'm watching history repeat itself.

So she started school in September and the best way I can describe it, I am triggered. Triggered so bad that I'm falling into a depression. Every day at drop off I have to hold in the tears, after school, and when my daughter tells me about her day, when I'm laying in bed at night, I'm hiding I'm crying or holding them back.

Why? Cause this girl is me at that age, but because I've had her in therapy she is trying to put herself out there. All I see are kids being so cruel to her. She is so good she doesn't see it, it rolls off her back. While I'm sitting there trying not to sob. She keeps on asking kids to be her friend and they keep saying no. She doesn't seem sad, but I think she is, I think she can sense it upsets me so she doesnt want me to know how upset she is. On her progress report her teacher said that after a month she is finally talking to other kids. She told me from the start of school she made friends. She found a friend and then within a week or two she said that girl doesn't want to be friends with her anymore. 

Her insomnia has begun as well. SPD isn't a standalone diagnosis and is a precursor to ADHD or Autism. She isnt autistic as she was evaluated by the OT, so ADHD it probably is. Every Friday at school there is a treasure chest, I thought all the kids get to pick something every week. Till she told me that she hasn't been allowed to pick something cause she behave the way the teacher wanted to all week, it's been multiple weeks. While this isn't a big deal to some, for me she is 5 and if her behavior is that much of an issue, talk to me about it, but let's not single her out in front of the class. It just brings me back to being singled out as a kid.

I dont want her to be like me and end up as unhappy as I was and turn to drugs and alcohol.

I want to be a strong mom for my girl and I feel like an utter failure because I'm triggered so much. 

I'm sorry this is so long, I needed to get it out.