A realisation about depression
I've come to a strange realisation recently. When I was a kid I was bullied, very severely. Verbally abused and physically beaten I really had a tough time of it. From ages 11-16 I went through a shit ton of hurt and pain in two different schools after moving to try and escape the bullying, but I don't remember ever being depressed. It hurt me emotionally of course, and occasionally I would have a little cry but I was quite a happy kid, regardless. Yeah I hated school, but I had friends I hung out with and went to the park with and cycled around the street with outside of school, people a little younger than me but that didn't matter. I had a loving family and I enjoyed spending time with them as well. The one main issue I remember having was binge eating. I binged a lot, perhaps that was an early manifestation of my depression I gained later on in life but I remember, for the most part, my childhood in a fond way. Well, at least, I remember feeling happy at the time.

The strange part is later on in life, looking back at those times, I feel a lot of sadness and shame about it, even though at the time I didn't have those feelings. For many years I had flashbacks to those times and still think about it, still have dreams and memories and it still hurts, maybe more than it did then. I've let a lot of stuff go, but who I am now has been hugely impacted on what happened then. 

Anyway, my point is, it was later on in life, when things got better, that I started to feel depressed. I thought about those times more and more and I felt very isolated and unwanted. When I was 16 I hurt myself purposely and that's when I felt everything start to crumble. I was still binging, and was pretty aimless and numb. I wasn't aware what these feelings even were, not much was said about depression and mental illness, although I'd heard about it before at school, it just never really resonated with my until then. A friend of mine went through the same thing and I learned more about it, but I remember coming stuck in a black hole of tumblr posts about depression and dying and I was very much in that dark place for a long time. Much of my identity from 16-18 was depression. Nowadays it's something I'm stuck with and just have to try and deal with best I can without lingering on it too much.

I just think it's important to point out that depression doesn't have to have a reason. On what could have easily been my darkest days (the serious bullying) I was still pretty cheery and when things weren't so 'bad', I never felt worse. Sometimes there's no trigger for depression and it can just strike at any moment, without warning, without even knowing what's going on. I wish I knew that back then- I felt almost ashamed to have a mental illness when there was 'nothing to be depressed about' and felt like I was a fake. Don't make the same mistake. Whether there is good or bad in your life you can't control depression.