Depression over watching beloved pet get killed.
I rescue dogs, I should say off the bat. I've had about 40 and rehomed them to great homes with minimal sadness because I know they're going to be ok. And about 3 years ago I rescued a Husky sight unseen. Turns out, she was the perfect dog for me. She and I just gelled and were on the same wavelength. We just got each other. She anticipated what I wanted from a dog and was an excellent "therapy dog" to my other rescues. She was my ride or die; went with me everywhere and slept next to me almost every night.

Last week, I took her and my other dog and a foster brother to the park. We had our normal run and we leashed up to head home. I tugged her collar twice to make sure (she's the only one who uses a standard collar, everyone else uses a choke collar). I opened the gate to the park, and all of a sudden I was holding 2 dogs and an unbuckled collar. I yelled to her and she ran in a broad loop headed away and then back to me. It was almost like slow motion. I saw her step out into the street, and a UPS truck caught her square in the bumper. She was dragged under the truck. I heard her frantic yelping. The driver and a few cars stopped and pulled off and got out, distraught. I felt like I needed to reassure everyone that it wasn't there fault and there was nothing they could do.

There was nothing we could do. She was gone. Blunt force trauma. I picked my beautiful baby up, got myself covered in blood, and moved her to the side of the road and called the only number I could think of, my father. I brought my other two home and collapsed. My father came and helped me load her into my truck and bring her to the funeral home. He handled the arrangements because I think I was in shock. I went home and cleaned up the street out of respect for her. I couldn't believe what happened.

Now, several sleepless nights later I am having flashbacks of her being hit, of her cries. I feel like I hear her around the house. Like she's not dead, just away and will come back. I feel like I failed my duty to protect her and because I failed to protect my own dog, that maybe I shouldn't be entrusted to care for others. I feel like my worst fear came true, of a dog getting out and being hit by a car and it was the one dog I loved like my child. Even worse, I feel some resentment to the other's: maybe if I hadn't had two I could have caught her, or moved quickly enough for her to come back. I legitimately would have been upset if my other dog had been hit, but not like this. Not like this.

I regret every moment that I made her sleep outside with the other's, or wanted to sleep alone and she'd cry to come be with me in the bed. I regret every time I corrected her when I first got her or got frustrated. She deserved better than me. I miss her being around. I miss her pulling her bed to her food bowl to eat laying down. I miss calling her to come to bed and her jumping up and laying in a circle next to me without needing to be told to go down. I miss our husky pets every morning. 

I feel depressed coming home, that she's not waiting by the door, and we were set to move to a bigger place in the country to rescue more dogs and now I'm second guessing that. I hate feeling like this and I hate feeling any resentment to the other dogs. I never thought at my age I'd feel this way about an animal but I lost my best friend, and, even worse, I had to experience it happen and it was my fault. I'm just lost. A piece of me died that night.