Hating life and wanting a way out
I'm 41 and have PTSD, depression and anxiety. I'm divorced, after getting out of a horribly abusive marriage. My ex husband is serving 22.5 years in prison for what he did to me and our 2 kids. My old has autism and I am his 24/7 caregiver. He has been on a wait list for a group home setting. Mind you, I love being able to stay home and take care of him. But there are days where it's so hard, his mood swings and such. When ex was arrested, his parents blamed me and kids for him going to prison. My parents told us to get over it. I wish we could, the nightmares every few nights make it hard to forget. My brother and his family, who live 4 miles away from us, haven't spoken to us in 6 years after they told me my kids are horrible and not good like their kids. Thanks, I'm glad his kids didnt go through the same shit my kids did. I'm sorry my kids are dealing with depression, PTSD and anxiety like I am.

I have very few friends, like 2. And they don't fully know the extent of my depression. I don't have time to get out for counseling, I don't have anyone who is willing to hang out with my son so I can go. So I keep things to myself, bottled up. I'm too afraid to tell anyone how I feel, so many family members have made me feel worse when I have said things and flat out ignore me now.

Too many times I have asked for help thru different services, to be told there is a long wait list. I get other people have issues too, I'm not thinking I need to be ahead of anyone else. I would just like to be recognized, for people to see I and my son need help. That I'm at my breaking point. My landlord of my apartments is a jerk, hates my son and tried to get us evicted due to his autism. I live in fear we will be evicted with no place to go. I have been as strong as I needed to be to keep a roof over our head and food on the table. But I can't keep going. I barely make enough just to pay bills. I am literally one small emergency away from who knows what. 

Just me and my son for Thanksgiving, and Christmas is gonna be the same. I don't know if I will bee able to afford even a stocking for him from Santa. Even though he is 21, he still believes in Santa. I feel like a total shit of a mother.