32 Year Old Widow, Feel Like A Failure
Hi everyone

I'm a 32 year old widow (recent - late cancer diagnosis). I have two kids 12, 11. We just celebrated their birthdays and our anniversary. I'm in a bad place.

I am living at home with parents because I can't afford a place on my own anymore. My fiance and I were almost mortgage ready when we got the diagnosis. 

I struggled before with minor depression/anxiety but it has skyrocketed since he passed away. This man was not only my person, he was my best friend and you know all the rest of the spiel. It was a very traumatic passing for me as I am a nurse and I feel like the medical system and I failed him.

Unfortunately, my younger sister and her partner live at home with my parents as well. She is extremely volatile, loves instigating arguments, and explodes over almost nothing. 

I am struggling really badly with even self care right now. Recently, she has started making comments to my parents about how I am not keeping up with my housework and has resorted to sitting outside my room playing Dr. Phil audio clips of him berating a woman for being a terrible mother on repeat. She and her boyfriend laugh as they sit outside my room doing this. 

My housework is cleaning my (private) bathroom, my room, doing my laundry, taking care of my pets. None of it affects them/their space. 

I KNOW I am behind on all this stuff but I can't even shower some days. I go a week without washing my hair. My teeth aren't brushed. I just don't have the energy. Some days I do, and I do so well. Usually it's when her boyfriend is at work and she hides in her room. She doesn't work, just drinks all his money away. 

I am a 'good' mother and my parents help fill in the cracks.

Today, I woke up feeling determined to get something done. I went downstairs to start cleaning and she walked past me and made a snide comment about how my turtles were going to die if I didn't vaccuum their gravel soon. One of them is her turtles she brought home and plopped in my tank and has not helped with cleaning or feeding and it's become extra stress for me as it is now double the work. As soon as I heard that, I just shut down and wanted to crawl back into bed. I finished her comment "your turtles are gonna die" with "just like you let him die" in my head and now I'm done for today. It sucked all the life out of me and I was a hyperventilating crying mess in my bed. 

It's causing a huge uproar in my family as my mom gets it, my dad is easily manipulated by her constant complaining about me. 

She and he can get their own place as they can afford it. They can move in with his mom or his dad. I have my parents house or a shelter with my kids. 

I don't know how to move forward. My sister is known for being a bully and actually had someone commit suicide and write in their suicide note that she was a big factor in their decision. I feel like some days I fantasize about that to a degree. About being with him again in the afterlife and letting her know how far she pushed me. The only thing that keeps me here is my kids honestly. My best friend, mom, and inlaws love me but it's not enough to keep the demons away. 

If it's so bad for her, why won't she leave? Why not go live somewhere else since you have more options than I do? Or why can you at least keep your comments to yourself until you can leave? I don't walk past her and make remarks about how she's unemployed and doesn't have a driver's licence. I don't get it. She has something out for me. 

Any tips on how to get my life back on track are welcome.

Thank you, I'm a mess.