I’m going to kill my self sooner or later.
I’m 22 years old with no friends or family other than my mom. I live with her and I love her to death so that’s not the issue at all. I don’t have a life outside of my home, my mom too. It’s like we live on a completely different planet from people. Our lives has been nothing but torture and pain. She’s suicidal and so am I. I wish I had the energy to explain why we are this way. We’re kind and very loving. All of my life I’ve watched my mom get abused, physically and mentally. And so was I. She was raped and had all of her children taken away from her by her father. And then she met my dad who forced her to work day and night so she could make him money. My mom had a rough life surrounded by men absolutely recking her heart. She was brain washed from a very young age. My childhood was nothing but fear from my dad killing my mom or her hurting herself. We moved to America 10 years ago only for her to marry a guy for the next 10 years that was the exact same. He mentally abused her to the point of mental hospitals. She receives benefits from the government and cheap housing, that’s why he wouldn’t let her go. He was using us to built his credit and life. We kinda just lived under his rules. During those 10 years Ive watched my mom become a zombie. But last year they broke up. I helped her, and I can tell she’s happier but our situation and mental illnesses are still there from the relentless abuse we’ve gone through. When I say I feel trapped, I mean we live in housing where the rent is based on the households income, our rent use to be 140 because my mom was the only one receiving income. ( the ex husband lived with us without the landlord knowing for 10 years. He built everything for himself and brain washed us to believe that life was hard and that we needed him). With 140 being our rent, we use to have 500 left for food and bills. (he had 2 jobs and never once used any of his money) I Hate talking about him bc he is no longer important to us and thank god. Anyways, I now work for my mom as her homecare. With my income and her benefits combined, our rent is now 750. And that leaves us with the bare minimum to survive. And if I work another job our rent would go up even higher. They check everything. So my dreams of being financially free Is no longer a reality. I go to bed every night fantasizing about my mom being happy, going on trips and such. That’s heaven for me. We lost everybody but each other. But I’ve reached a point where I no longer care about anything. I’ve always thought about killing myself ever since I was 10. This year the thoughts of been too real to a point where I have my letter ready Incase I pull through. The truth is I don’t want to die, I’m going to miss out on hearing my moms laugher and cats meowing. And I know it would kill her in an instant if I killed myself. But what’s the point of living anymore? How could this be life? Why do we need a piece of man made paper in order to live? Why do humans chase money all of their lives… is this the human experience? We need to pay in order to live, we sweat blood and tears chasing something that’s not even real. We literally live on a rock, we know nothing about where we came from. We’re told if we don’t worship a magical man in the sky  we’ll go to hell… Why is no one questioning any of these things?? What happens when we die? 

I know I sound crazy, I want to believe that im a part of something bigger. I want to believe that when I die, I’ll be in someplace better. Maybe I will or maybe I won’t. Maybe I created these natives to make sense of myself. The sad reality is that I know I’m going to kill my self sooner or later because I can’t fathom myself living. My mom is getting sicker by the day, can’t afford healthcare so we just hope for the best. I feel like I’m watching my life rot. I need to save myself and leave this world.