I don't know how to fix it.
Anything.
 I am in the worst depression of my life. Have never experienced it to this degree of feeling actually debilitated, non-functional, and actually unable to fix it.

 On the verge of losing everything. Including maybe my sanity. I feel like my brain is broken. I don't eat anymore, hardly ever. I don't go anywhere and some days don't leave the bed at all. 

Isolated. Feel like there's no one I can talk to and when I try it doesn't help. 
My boyfriend is the only one I have been able to bring myself to tell how severe it is. Told him I need help and I don't know what to do. He is a psych nurse and has bipolar2. So I guess I expected maybe he would know something helpful, or empathize, or just hold me when I asked him to and was crying just now. 

He said some hurtful things instead and pointed out ways it's my fault. No sense of purpose in my life, etc. (Yeah... know that. I guess it's why I mentioned how nothing at all seems to make me feel happy, no interest in... anything. Losing weight, not eating.)

Of all people, he should be able to relate to the feeling of being actually unable to be unstuck while buried in depression.

I can't even count how many times I have been his main, and most times *only* support. He is mine in so many ways usually, maybe more than anyone ever has been, but today I felt like I was more trouble than I'm worth to him.

He had a bad entire last week, and I was there for him. After 5 months of him being sober he chose to stop his Antibuse in order to be able to drink, and did beginning last Saturday until the day before Thanksgiving. Drunk, straight through for 5 days. He missed a week of work.  I was mostly staying away from him because he was drinking and I can't be around that at all anymore, and this has been clearly communicated long before. It instantly sends him into a depressive episode, and then perpetuates by him forgetting his bipolar meds. It makes him mean also. Not to anyone else from what I can tell, but me, I guess. I still stopped by to do breath checks on him once a day, as he said he took Benadryl with the alcohol at some points. His roommate and I decided on Tuesday maybe this time it was time we contact a member of his family as we were at a loss for any more to do. He spent most of last year self sabotaging and using drugs and alcohol and pursuing very self sabotaging destructive behavior. We were both seeing the initial kickoff of that coming on again and trying to help him. 

I went over Wednesday to make sure he would make his Psychiatrist appt. that I made him make the day before. He wouldn't have.

 At 2pm he was a sobbing jelly of a man passing out on his front porch surrounded by cans and bottles, unshowered for days, as disheveled as I have ever seen him, and hadn't eaten in a couple days. I got him to agree to come in, stop drinking, made him coffee, food, washed the dirt and whatever brown smears from his face and head, made sure his phone was charged for the psychiatrist appointment call, got him his meds, held him for an hour of crying while he told me about how the song and voices in his head would not subside and talked him out of every suicidal thing he said. 

Spoke to his Dr with him when he called. Encouraged him beforehand to be honest with him, because he downplays the severity to everyone but me. He was honest about his symptoms and everything to the Dr, for the first time I have heard in 4 years. New meds started yesterday. Think I convinced him to start taking his Antibuse again. He didn't come with me to my family's for Thanksgiving. So that made me sad. He slept at his house apparently feeling sick from the 5 day drunk.

One more, of dozens of times trying to support him through anything, everything, and let him know I love him, mental illness and all and maybe today my being strong for everyone else hit its limit(several other people close to me I'm helping through crises right now. Friend who was assaulted, my son having general life hardships, and a death in my own family last week). 

My son and my boyfriend both work nights. This means I am alone much of the week as they are gone all night and asleep all day. It is very lonely and is wearing on me to feel so disconnected and separated from them. Today I tried to wake my boyfriend a half hour sooner than his alarm so maybe we could have some kind of closeness before another day of feeling alone and disconnected. I had been having a rough day and on the verge of tears all of it. I really just wanted some kind of reassurance that we were okay, I was okay, there was someone who loved me and also wanted to be there beside me on a day where my world was beginning to feel a little hopeless and overwhelmed. 

I tried to wake him with kisses and rubbing his back, "front", etc. Asked if he'd wake a little early so I could see him before work. 

Thought maybe we would have sex. And maybe not, maybe just talk and have coffee and some bit of bonding/unified feeling before he left. 

We had a wonderful morning when he came here after work today. Very close and loving and felt like a bit of hope towards repairing recent difficulties in our relationship. 

Instead, when I told him I was feeling sad, it felt like he was just annoyed with me and he didn't even really look at me or sit near me when I was crying. I have never helped him through all his episodes with an intent or expectation of doing it for recompense. I would help him any time I am able because I love him and want him happy and healthy. Because I know he has helped me too, other times. Because I know I am the *only* person he tells all the stuff he hides from everyone else, and ffs he actually *does* need me. I have literally saved his life several times.

I shouldn't expect that helping someone else will make them likely to do the same when it comes around. But I did.

I could go on. But think I just needed to get that much out for the moment. 

I don't know where to post this. Which sub-reddit. 

AsOneAfterInfidelity, PTSD  group, bipolar significant others, Al-anon, betrayal trauma support... Idk. 
Too many ways I'm fucked up right now to determine which place might he helpful, they all intersect into this heap of depression I have become. I don't even recognize myself right now. 

And I need a job. And I need a therapist. 

Feel too much social anxiety to leave the house or talk to humans IRL right now.

Have been on several "wait-lists" for therapists with nothing coming from it. 
Ashamed and embarrassed to even explain where I'm at currently. I used to not be like this.