Anyone familiar with this DR?
I want to talk about my really odd derealization experience, from what I know my specific symptoms seems to be very uncommon. As any derealization sufferer im always looking for people who experience similar symptoms. 

To give a back story I have smoked weed about 20 times from 13-16. Acid 4 times from 15-16 and shrooms one time at 16. The shroom trip was my first "bad trip" it was not terrible but very uncomfortable and nauseating, I guess this is what first turned on my symptoms. I remember getting high anxiety and very emotionally overwhelmed but never went to a state of panick. However for the next month starting high school, studying, drinking alcohol. I seem to have an underlying anxiety that has been built up, also ocd. I could think about political problems for weeks, one time I got totally depressed and fucked up for a couple of days or weeks even for thinking about race problems. So I guess my condition is linked with ocd, it really became noticeable after my first and last shroom trip. I started having intrusive thoughts doubting if I was still tripping or if "something has changed" occasionally, if this is reality. I could shake them off though, but I remember one time maybe 2 months ago we talked about how important it is to get good grades and that set my anxiety off. 

Then one time when I was eating and my anxiety was super high, this is when I first experienced proper de realization. It was not like the usual de realization experience where everything is like a dream or filter or something. Though I was quite emotionally numb and it was like reality shifted looking more I guess fake, like my brain was saving memory by making reality looks less real and detailed and thus making it easier to process. This is the only real logical explanation of these effects because the way reality looked like in that episode is not like any drug it’s like my brains unique program. Anyway maybe a week later it set off completely after an intense panick attack. Now to my actual de realization symptoms that seems to be very odd or unusual. 

.The nature of reality shifted, like someone turned down my graphics in a video game making everything look more fake and thus easier to process. Also the symptoms does not go up or down depending on my anxiety levels or mood in general which is almost always the case with DR. 

.I had emotionally numbing for the first 2 weeks or so. 

.Very high anxiety and confusion from every thing that's happening. I have managed to beat the anxiety around 85%. Though I'm naturally anxious that my symptoms has not gone away for more than a month. 

.Secondary depression over my life decisions and loosing my old sense of reality that I preferred because it was familiar and more beautiful. Though my depression has lessened a lot recently. Possibly due to my risperidone balancing my mood. 

.Sometimes tinnitus and visualsnow maybe, at least when I'm really anxious. 

Other than that almost no other classic symptoms from de realization, so now I'm doubting what I'm actually experiencing if anyone is familiar or have had similar symptoms.