liking someone while dealing with my own emotional neglect?
so a few weeks ago I met this guy I've kept in touch with long-distance for 3 years. i traveled to a nearby city and he decided to meet up with me there. (we're both guys btw)

we were both expecting a cute fun time, but as we were intimate and kept spending time with each other, at one point i could barely be vocal and say what was on my mind. i'd say it was a mix of being overwhelmed (new city, new person, limited amount of time, which made me worry i was giving a bad first impression) and subconsciously realizing that I was having my needs met for the very first time in my life. 

having someone to hang out in the city, do grocery shopping, watch TV together, share a bed, etc., all that stuff was so new to me, yet probably so normal to him (he lives with roommates, travels a lot etc.) and i realized i'm used to being alone and dating the wrong people. in the past he's said stuff to me like "I want to provide for you" and "take charge," and ugh it just makes me melt inside, yet it would be weird for me to say "hey thanks to you i realized i haven't healed from my emotional neglect" lol. Plus noticing how easy it was for him to get up from bed, brush his teeth, etc. whereas for me it can be such a chore sometimes. I wish those habits would just rub off on me.

neither of us has expressed any interest in being in a relationship (I'm a bit relationship-repulsed and for now I see him as a close friend more than anything) but I'm still afraid I might not meet someone else like him, much less in my area. At the same time, I'm worried that my attraction comes from the neglect I experienced in childhood and my recent adult life, and not me liking this person (although i have a feeling it's both). I'm in the process of seeking the help I need, and trying to not keep chasing after him, especially since communication has waned down ever since we met, and as hard as it may be, I'm trying to treat him the same way i would any other friend. i could understand if i'm not what he's into, although he did casually mention the possibility of us meeting again in the future.

How can I navigate these feelings? thanks if you took the time to read anyway.