[rant/vent]
A post in r/CPTSD got my noggin jogging... I made a comment that I felt should be shared in a post about my experiences about oversharing and boundary violations. I would love to hear from others who have similar experiences or maybe some validation that this is all as disgusting as I think it is...

The last time I saw my mother, in May, she randomly started talking about my step brothers wife's mental illness. In graphic detail. I'm talking stuff like hospitalization, self harm, catatonia, etc. when I didn't ask nor did my husband. It just came up randomly. 

She also would share every single personal detail of my life with her family members even when I asked her not too. Everyone knows I had a breast reduction (but they don't know I was shamed into it). Everyone knows I've been hospitalized for my trauma symptoms. Everyone knew when I ran away, when I lost my virginity, she even announced both of my pregnancies to family "on my behalf", even though I explicitly asked her not to. She's accused me of smoking meth and doing hard drugs (never have) and so I am certain she told all my family I'm a druggie.

She also told me personal information about my sister, like getting an abortion when she was a teenager. My mom was proud of the way she dropped that bomb on my sister. She waited until they were in an argument and she said to her "oh btw I know about the abortions". When my mom was telling me the story she said she purposefully said abortions not abortion, to see if my sister would correct her. Like what the actual fuck is that shit??

Nothing was a secret. Now she wonders why I don't talk to her? Lmfao.

Oh also, growing up, my mom would constantly tell me what a b*tch all her friends thought I was, that I was "always pissed off" and it was embarrassing for her. She would tell me my teachers thought I was a loser. Who knows how much of that is true.

Many times, my older sister (also abusive towards me) would triangulate and make comments that "everyone knows" that I was lying about stuff (I wasn't?) And would make it very clear that people talked to her about me so I felt like I couldn't trust anyone. She would say shit about my mom and her husband breaking up, they're still together. When I moved out, she wrote me a scathing email saying I'm ruining everyone's life, more or less, and that no one is going to be there for me.

It feels gross thinking about it, and sad and angry.