Emotional neglect and friendship
I watched this youtube video filmed in Moscow about the locals' opinions of LGBTQ. I'm hetero myself so I just watched it out of curiosity. Then reality hit me about how horrible those folks have it there. If you're in that spectrum of people over in Russia, apparently it's pretty normal for people to look down on you and even be violent toward you.

Suffice to say that reality left me shocked, and it made me think about emotional neglect and other emotional struggles. In a similar way that being gay in Russia would be unsafe, being emotionally vulnerable in the US, for example, is also unsafe. Perhaps people wouldn't be violent toward you, but they would minimize you, belittle you, humiliate you, gaslight you. So it feels like you can never truly be yourself or express your emotional issues to anyone because it's actually emotionally unsafe to talk about these things with most people.

This leads to loneliness and voluntary isolation, not because you want those things but because you have no better alternative. For me personally I find it very difficult to talk to people in general, because it's like living in the Twilight Zone. People seem to be in some alternate reality where, in order to get emotional connection I must abandon myself. I must meet some set of odd conditions and sign implicit social contracts in order to get my social needs met. It's either this weird toxic positivity thing or actual toxic behaviors that people subconsciously expect you to emulate.

So do I choose isolation or do I keep trying to make friends with people I'll never connect with? Do I fast or do I settle for rotting food scraps? Is there a better option?

I leave this as an open letter to anyone who'd be interested in giving this whole friendship thing a go. I'm terribly traumatized relative to friendship, from all my experiences growing up, so I hope you can bear with me on that if you so decide to take me up on my offer. I'm interested in healing, and I'm tired of having to hide myself all the time. If you feel the same way, I hope we'll talk soon.