I was never allowed to fight back.
Was talking with my mother just a moment ago and telling her a story which was segue'd into because of the foibles of her car that she no-longer drives, about how my (I hate that English doesn't have a better word for it) father had already spun himself dizzy getting himself late for something and I went to move her car. I was not confident with cars or driving, but I was trying to be helpful and move her car, but I ran into the issue that the emergency brake (which is a bonus foot pedal) was on. I didn't realize this, and couldn't figure out why the car wasn't moving despite all of my best efforts. My father, already upset that he'd farted around until he was pushed for time, then directed his anger at me because I wasn't moving the car like I said I would, so told him to move it. He also couldn't figure out the issue with the emergency brake, which only caused him to go off even harder at me. 

I regaled my mother with this story, saying that I am so glad that he isn't that man anymore (because he's losing himself to dementia). My mother immediately started defending him, saying that he would blow up and then blow over, COMPLETELY INVALIDATING the fact that I was the one who he'd blow up at. "I caught too much shrapnel from him blowing up" I told her, but she was still with defending him. The way that she still had no regard for me, for my still-raw feelings, made me realize that I was never allowed to fight back. 

From when I was an extremely young child and they would apply physical punishment, I wasn't allowed to fight back. My older sister learned transgressions required physical punishments and would dispense them liberally, and I couldn't fight back (fighting back would have her fighting back even harder until I learned that it was a one-way thing, like she learned from our parents). When interacting with other kids, I was told "you're much bigger and stronger than they are, so you have to be careful" so I couldn't fight back. My entire fucking life, I've had to fucking take whatever abuse was around because I couldn't fight back. I had to internalize it and process it on my own, because I had no-one to defend me...

... and I couldn't fight back.