My Father is horrible at budgeting (among other things, one of which being parenting)
So, my father. Shall we say that he's not a nice person?

He's horrible at budgeting. He'll buy a used computer and sell it on eBay as a new one for double the profit though, so he makes *some* of the profit back from stuff he doesn't need. There is a bunch of stuff in his house that he doesn't need, like an old radio (that probably goes for *triple* the retail price), a soda making machine (which is really just a CO2 bubbler), or an old sound system that he *never* uses (he's a hoarder).

He never bought me clothes unless my mother forced him too (they divorced when I was two, and my father has had two failed relationships since then, one of which he married for 6 years). My mother and father still share a cordial relationship. He always favors my little half-sister over me or my little half-brother, and I can just *see* the spoiled brat in her that she's becoming/already become (she's thirteen, now, and I am nineteen). He never brought me to dentist, hair, or doctor's appointments. That was all my mother (Bless my mother for dealing with me when I was younger). He used to yell at me, for the smallest things (one of which being just getting my *attention*, others being the homework that I didn't do, I have ADD man, you can't expect to focus for more than *two seconds*). He insists that he's the best at everything (which I always refute whenever I come to visit by asking him questions that appeal to my specialties, which are creative writing and history, and then he'll just brush me off).

TLDR, my father is a deadbeat/enabler who didn't need or deserve to have kids. Ironic since that he wanted a big family considering he was an only child.

Not sure if this story belongs in this subreddit, but I'll put it here anyway. Tell me if there is a better one to put this story in.

Sorry if this sounds whiny, but I just had to share it.

Edit: My father doesn't drink. He actually quit drinking when he was twenty-five (before I was born), and now doesn't have *any* alcohol in the house. He actually went cold turkey (which has a high probability of failing, but he managed it).

Edit #2: I don't live with him anymore, so I don't need to worry about him neglecting me.