Evil Mamabear Thanksgiving
This is more of an update to the situation on Evil Mamabear than anything else. But as past stories go, I really have none of my mother EMB when it comes to Thanksgiving aside from the time she slapped a random kid because when we celebrated that holiday, it was always at a relative's house and EMB was always well behaved in those places on holidays.

This year I was wondering what possible insane thing she might try. But nothing happened. I had a small Thanksgiving with my GF, sister and FBIL. We also had over one of my employees because he doesn't live near any family and can't afford to visit them. It was a nice drama free Thanksgiving. We had a big butterball turkey that my GF insisted on cooking herself. And boy did she cook it to perfection. With the stuffing, mashed potatoes &amp; gravy, and green-bean casserole, we had a fantastic dinner. And we finished up the evening by watching the quintessential Thanksgiving movie: Planes, Trains and Automobiles. It was a good day.

EMB on the other hand. Well I guess loneliness got to her because she had a tantrum in her front yard. People I know who've been watching her tell me things they see her doing when they spot her. A young male cousin on my dad's side of the family saw her at the only supermarket in town that was open for the early part of Thanksgiving Day and saw her get one of their rotisserie chickens and grabbed lots of cheap wine. He said that she looked like the walking dead. Her hair was a mess, no makeup, and she walked slow.

The neighbor who lives across the street from EMB caught her on their security camera having a tantrum in her front yard. About what exactly? She dropped one of her bottles of wine and it broke on the driveway. She went berserk and kicked the wheel of her still vandalized car, which made her stub her toe on the rim. Then she punched the car and seemed to hurt her hand. I guess that was enough pain for her because she picked up the rest of her groceries and went inside her house.

The neighbors who live on either side of EMB both texted me that she was loudly crying off and on for hours both inside and outside of her house. And they had quite a time trying to ignore her. I don't know if she was crying because she's broken and alone, or if she was trying to garner attention. But no one knocked on her door or even tried to speak to her through the fence. She's lost the sympathy of pretty much her entire neighborhood.

Edit: Fixed typo 

Edit 2: I would like to say that I'm not enjoying EMB's cries of woe and misery in this situation. I understand many would pity her right now. But I just can't. Not after what she did to me and my sister. Some said that a welfare check on her might have been a good idea. But I've no desire to do that. Calling in a check on her might imply someone cares. And I frankly don't. My sister no longer does either because she want's EMB completely out of her life as well. And if EMB did get a welfare check, she might latch onto the idea that my sister called. And that might cause more trouble down the line. Besides that, EMB is an actress and liar by nature. I'm not saying she wasn't genuinely crying. But she might have been faking it to try and get pity from neighbors. But got none. So if that was her plan, it backfired. That said, this situation doesn't amuse me. I'm not finding her misery in this something to be happy about or even smile at. I'm just numb to it. But it's not my fault she's made herself this miserable and had to be alone on Thanksgiving.