On the outs with the in-laws
I want to know what people think about this and what’s normal. 

My husband comes from a non-traditional family situation. His parents were addicts . His mother is bi-polar and struggles with  it. She has her ups and downs and right now she‘s down. She is blaming us for our lack of involvement with her family.

Not her, mind you. She lives six hours away And is in an isolating phase. She means her sisters and her nieces and nephews. we aren’t invited to go out with them or anything. But she says it’s because we don’t keep up with them and that’s why they don’t think to invite us anywhere. If we called them more and invited them over, we would be closer to them.

Now, my MIL didn’t raise her children. Neither really did her ex husband, although he had custody. They were mostly raised by their paternal grandparents. We do see them more often , but still not enough according to them. It’s because we have so.….many….people. My kids are in activities. my husband works 70plus hour weeks and only gets one day off per week. I work fewer hours but I’m the default parent and I spend my off time shuttling and organizing and being part of their activities. I also have my own friends and i try to keep up with them. My friends are all extroverted and I’m NOT. I see my friends maybe once a month each and talk to them all three or four times weekly but even that wears me out. I know some of it is the whole introvert tired thing.   


 But the expectations are different between our two families.

We see my twin sister about four times a year(she lives 1.5 hours away) , my mom we see when the kids have plays or games at sports. My mom has her own life otherwise. I only see her when she comes to kid games , recitals or plays. DHs family are invited to those two, but they don’t really go. And that’s okay. Because they already raised their kids And i get it. 

We rotate holidays , his family and my family. But since his family is so splintered we see them far less as individuals. We see them for major events like weddings and funerals and holiday parties if we can make it. But because my kids do plays and have games, we don’t always make the minor parties . And because he juggles three different splintered family sets, we may only see each set four times a year. Sometimes their events are even conflicting . 

I guess the two aunts (MIL sisters) in town are also miffed we don’t go over there on the weekends. They do things every weekend. They don’t know why I can’t at least go once or twice a month, even if they know my husband can’t. They are STRESSFUL people. My son is a bleeding heart and one aunt stepped on a vinegaroon And my son  started crying and said  “why did you kill it?” and she screamed at him for saying that because she didn’t , he was mistaken and he shouldn’t accuse people when she totally really did step on it, and then weirdly denied it with a ferocious and confusing ferocity that was bizarre  (he was six.) Like she screamed at him and turned red in the face. She’s almost 70 so it’s just an elderly lady thing maybe?  They are just walk-on-eggshells sensitive about anything they see as disrespect. I hate taking my kids over  there.  And when I do go all they want to do is talk trash about the kids of the other daughters and nieces and it makes me paranoid. Like , You know anything They see in my kids is tomorrow’s gossip. Yikes. But MIL thinks we should be going on my DHs day off or I should take my kids to their weekly get togethers at least every other week. But we can be pretty balls to the wall schedule wise and I’m an introvert and my off time is precious. I know it’s selfish, but it’s rough.   


It’s our fault we aren’t close according to MIL. And it’s so boring for kids to be there being still and seen and not heard and every time they do something considered untoward I get to hear about it from MIL. I have aunts,too. Really sweet aunts that were preschool teachers and actually find children cute and charming  . I only see them when we are invited over personally, and usually that’s only when my mom is also there as well as my sisters and cousins and their kids. I don’t see my birth family weekly. And I am pretty close to my twin. She’s got kids my kids’ ages and she also is so busy with activities and running the family day to day. I don’t see how it’s even doable to see all these people enough.  


But anyway, how close should we be to extended family like that? I feel like we barely keep our heads above water and my DH and I spend his day off with our family or just the two of us when we can, which is maybe once every three or four months. Yet everyone is apparently mad at us for not being around more.  How often do you see your family that’s not nuclear? I thought most families kind of bubble when they are raising kids and didn’t really see each other super often, and usually it is at family events that are like family reunions, holidays, maybe kid birthdays, etc.   


MIL said she’s concerned about how reclusive we are. I feel like I’m never even home. I was raised by a single mom who worked two jobs and we never went anywhere ever, we couldn’t . We were latch key kids to the extreme and i got used to lots and lots of free time growing up. I wasn’t t pressured to be constantly visiting  people.So maybe my perspective is skewed?