I have been vilified and ostracized at every step of my journey as a single father and now even my own daughter despises me.
Im a 56 year old man.

For as long as I can remember I have always wanted to be a father. I always dreamed of pushing my little girl on the swings and seeing her grow up into something incredible.

I always had terrible luck with dating. I’ve rarely had a second date. I’ve been stood up more times than I can count. 

I have been told by several women when cutting our dating short that I’m “too adult,” “too romantic,” “not manly enough,” and “pathetic.”

After a little over a decade of this and years of therapy, I managed to get myself to a place mentally where I was content to be without a life partner. 

But I still wanted to be a father very badly despite nobody wanting to join me on that journey.

So I worked very hard for 6 years and saved every dime until I had enough money to afford a surrogate who was willing to undergo in-vitro. I considered adoption, but I decided I wanted a biological child.

The woman I found to be the surrogate was reasonable enough and she agreed straight away that she wanted to remain anonymous from the child after birth. She did not want any visitation or involvement. I was completely fine with that.

The first year after my beautiful daughter Emily was born, I started to lose friends and even family members stopped talking to me. 

My closest friend at the time told me he was extremely uncomfortable with my arrangement and said I should try to get married or get a girlfriend to help with raising Emily.

I had no problem raising Emily on my own. I gave her everything I had. But I didn’t want to lose more friends so I tried to date again.

I had more luck getting more first dates this time around, but when it came time to talk about Emily, I could always see horror and disgust in the eyes of whatever woman I was in a date with.

They were mostly confused with the situation and would keep asking why I felt the need to have a surrogate. “Why not just wait til I was married?” 

I tried to explain that I had tried to date before and it had never worked out and I didn’t want to miss out on the chance to be a father just cuz I couldn’t get a girlfriend. During this time in my life, I NEVER had a second date. 

I gave up on dating for the second time and continued to raise Emily on my own. I’d set up a college fund for her years before I ever hired the surrogate. I continued to pay into this and also put every dime I had into her education. I paid for the best tutors I could afford, and when she showed an interest in dance, tennis and eventually violin, I paid for the best coaches I could find.

In the early years, Emily and I were the best of friends. She was my princess and could do no wrong in my eyes.

In her teens she started getting bullied at school. Kids called her “test tube baby” and other nasty names. This is around the time that Emily started to resent me.

She began asking questions I wasn’t sure how to answer yet like where was her mother.  The best I could do was tell her that there are many different types of families; some have two dads or two moms. Some have just one mom or one dad.

As she got even older, these answers were not enough anymore. I explained to her when she was 18 that her mom was a surrogate and that I have always been her only parent. She demanded to see her mother. When I told her I had no idea how to get in touch with her, she moved away.

She left me a note saying she hated me and that I was selfish for wanting to be a dad so bad that would ruin her life to make it happen.

I never intended to ruin her life. I tried so hard to give her a good life and make sure all of her needs were met.

I don’t have any savings, I put every dollar toward her future. My daughter changed her phone number a few weeks ago so I have no idea how to contact her or where to find her. 

I talked to police but they said she’s not technically missing because she’s an adult and wasn’t in my custody when she left. 

I’m 56 now and have virtually no friends, no family who talks to me and no savings. 

And now the only thing that every gave me true happiness is gone as well.

I’m so confused. I was raised to be kind and giving and respectful and to care deeply about those around me. But this never seemed to be enough for anyone and now I am more alone than I have ever been.

What should I do and how can I reconcile this?

Tl;dr: all I ever wanted was to be a good father but my pursuit of this has left me alone and penniless and without thanks.