I can't trust anyone in my family
I'm not sure if this is the place for this kind of post so redirect me if it's not, but here's my quick explanation anyway.

My oldest brother has just been accused of physically abusing his 11 year old daughter by my mother. He lives with her, my dad, my 3 younger siblings, and my aforementioned niece.  According to my mother my siblings heard this abuse happening recently while my parents were out. I won't go into details. She also told me that my niece told her about the abuse and asked for help. The issue isn't that I don't believe my niece. I'll believe her in a heartbeat, and although my brother has never been known to do these kinds of things he has been spiraling out of control in the past couple of years. The problem is that both my brother and my mom have a history of telling terrible lies about each other. They're not great people. I can't contact my siblings about the issue because they aren't supposed to know that my mother is trying to transfer custody of my niece to me. They'll tell my brother and he'll run with her. I can't contact my father because he doesn't know what's going on. I can't call the only other person in my family who knows what's going on because my brother has her locked out of WiFi because he's angry with her. Lastly, I can't speak to my niece because she doesn't have her own phone and he's always breathing down her neck when we talk. I'll take her in if it's all true. I'll take her in regardless, but she doesn't have a mom. He's the only person she's had her whole life. Everyone else has come and gone. If he's doing this he doesn't deserve to have her in his life. I can't trust my mother, and I can't trust him. Getting custody of my niece will uproot her life, but if she's being abused she will finally be safe. If my mother is lying though, it could tear her world apart. I'm not sure what to do or if there's anything I can do.

TL;DR I need to get my niece out of a bad situation but I can't tell if my family is lying to me