Is this normal?
Needed to vent

&amp;#x200B;

This so called "family" I'm apart of is ridiculous, insidious and completely dysfunctional. I'm venting for my sister Miku because someone needs to hear her story. Literally since birth she has been fighting to live. Our mother was a drug addict and decided drugs took precedent over my sister's well being. Our grandfather save my sister's life by getting her seen at Walter Reed hospital in Washington DC. Since my birth in 1998, my sister has always put her self last. She did not have much of a childhood because she had to help my grandmother care for me. Our grandmother raised us with little to no help so my sister helped before and after she went to school. At 12 years old I thought my sister was my actual biological mother. Because of this dysfunctional family my grandmother had suffered alot of emotional mental and verbal trauma. To make a long story sort let's just say my grandmother's mental health suffered greatly because of the trauma. My sister protected me as best as she could from experiencing the endless trauma she endured. From being molested, raped, and emotionally, verbally and mentally abused mostly by "Family" my sister had to grow up faster than most unfortunately. Despite this my sister is greatly intelligent and an genius in my eyes. She went to college and earned two bachelor degrees and a minor at 20...She wanted to continue with her education but our grandfather became ill and not shortly after our grandmother was diagnosed with dementia. Since 2009 my sister has been an caregiver for my grandmother. Before my grandmother was diagnosed with dementia she was adamant about my sister being her estate planner/POA. My grandmother has three children. My mother only helps when it benefits her. For example if my sister needs to go shopping for food she has to buy my mother food and give gas money. My sister cares for my grandmother 24/7 with her four year old without any assistance. She has to take Ubers to doctors appointments for my grandmother,etc. The irony is my "uncles" live 20 mins away in gated communities so it's no reason they can not help. They REFUSE to help. All of my grandmother's children have attempted to verbally and mentally use my sister as a punching bag. February 2021 one of my uncles completely bullied my sister over the phone for no reason to the point that directly after she hung up my sister miscarried at 5 months. The other uncle has belittled my sister to the point of her not really interacting with him at all because of how cruel and despicable he can be. My uncle ask to see my sister's finances (bills, income,etc) because she asked for help with getting my grandmother a pack of cigarettes (a 300 per month expense for my sister). She's constantly walking on eggshells because of her simply trying to be a good granddaughter. My grandmother's children have completely disenchanted my sister. My sister never complains. She always tries to find a peaceful resolution but always gets kicked down by my birth giver and uncles. They "help" only when they feel guilt for a little while then go right back to being evil. my birth giver recently kicked me out. I was homeless until my sister took me in. Can't do much for her now but hopefully one day soon. Pray for us. Many blessings to you and yours. You're blessed not to have a family like ours.