I am the forgotten baby
TL;dr at the beginning of this since I have a feeling it’s going to be long: my mother went crazy after my dad died, lost all her money and I’m not close to my siblings at all. The rest is more backstory/pathetic sadness à la moi. 

Okay so I’m 25, about to be 26. My father died November of 1995. I was born January of 1996. 

My mother became very depressed when my father died. She hardly took any baby/toddler pictures of me, she closed herself off from all of her family, and I’m pretty sure that was when she started slowly losing her mind. She has never been a very self-sufficient person, she’s not good at handling any kind of difficulty or hardship. She extremely distrusts every single member of her family. 

We were a pretty affluent household, my father was a doctor before he died and he had insurance set up so my mom was left pretty well off. In those 26 years she didn’t get a job or anything until I was about 17, and even then it was a shitty waitressing job she immediately got fired from. But I digress. 

I also have 3 siblings, the oldest are my brothers and my sister is closest to me in age, she’s the only one I really grew up with, the boys were intermittently in my lives. 

So the boys both left the house before I left elementary school. After that it was me and my sister vs my mother, who was very controlling, fearful and biased, fueled by indoctrinations funneled through her ears by televangelists. My sister rebelled against the suffocating authority my mother instilled on us and went after freedom, constantly thinking about life after she got out of high school. I, on the other hand, became rapidly depressed and folded in on myself, never thinking of a future or a happy outcome. I only saw darkness after high school and figured I’d off myself sooner rather than later. You know, the way a bunch of celebrities die at 27. I figured that would be me. 

Welp, I’ll be 26 this January and I’m so happy so say that is no longer how I feel. 

But yesterday was the anniversary of my dad’s death. A man I never met, but I have seen 2 home videos that were made of him (the first one was a VHS tape I found in 2nd grade that I watched religiously) so I, pathetically, feel like I at least could recognize the timbre of his voice if that’s even possible. All of my family makes these posts every birthday/death anniversary and they all talk about him when he was a kid, they barely even talk about whom he became when he grew up. Meanwhile, my siblings have built this man up to basically god-status, because comparing our martyred dead father to our crazy, low-functioning mother makes no contest. Every single one of them thinks we lost the wrong parent. I can’t even blame them for it. 

My mother moved us around constantly as kids. I went to a different school every year in elementary school, she finally stopped moving when I was in 8th grade. By then the money was running out. Still, she bought high-end new tvs, computers, phones, etc until the money went dry. By senior year (my sister graduated when I was a freshman so I was alone with our narcissistic, paranoid mother for 3 years) we were broke, starving and using the $80 paycheck I made hostessing to buy gas to get me to school in the morning. 

Finally, when I turned 18 and knew my mother couldn’t stop me, I contacted my grandmother and asked to live with her. She very graciously took me in and I finished the last half of my senior year in another city. 

Thanks to my grandmothers help I have grown into a functioning adult. Meanwhile, my mother became homeless the same time I was graduating high school. She lived in her car when my brothers finally kicked her out of their apartment. I moved in with one of my brothers when I graduated, and after a year of that my mother came to our doorstep and we let her in. She lived on our couch, no job no contribution for 3 years.

During the time my mother lived with us I helped her get her identification documents, and at the end she was finally able to receive the social security checks she gets every month for my father’s death. The only reason she has anything is due to this dead man I will never meet. 

During this time I was going through financial hardship, Covid just hit and I was not able to start my job (didn’t realize I could have been been on unemployment the whole time, maybe cuz my mother hates gov handouts ((ironic, no?🥴))). My mother started helping me with bills and such for a couple of months. Also during this time my brother got a much better job and just started hating being around me, partly because he’d had to help me financially but also because he slowly started lumping me into the same category as my mother, whom he really cannot stand. So he let me know he was done, he was getting a new apartment and I needed to figure my shit out. 

So, I did the logical thing and moved in with my mom🥴🥴🥴

That’s not a joke tho, I really did. This all started last year. I got a job, started off paying her $200 per month and slowly built myself up, now I pay her $600 per month and even got her a job. Throughout all of this she has complained about what a hardship it has been, helping me, and how if I wasn’t there she would have been able to save up a bunch more. I completely understand, and she did help me out a lot in the beginning, but I’m ngl I kind of felt like, that’s what we do??? You lived in my couch for years and are a big reason why my relationship with my brother is so bad???

Anyways. None of my siblings talk to my mother. She has been guilting me, desperately telling me to get them to talk to her. She found out I went to my brother’s birthday party (my bf accidentally let it slip) and freaked out, didn’t stop guilting me for the longest. So when my brother invited me to thanksgiving this year, I let him know I couldn’t come without mom cuz I refuse to have something like that happen again.

So, she got her wish, she went to thanksgiving. 

Meanwhile, my other, oldest brother, who is never in the picture, let’s call him B, lets me know what an inconvenience this is to him in text. He refuses to interact with my mom usually, stating that once she gets mental help he’ll see her (she is vehemently against therapy or anything of the sort. She won’t even go on Medicare since she’d be admitting she’s older than she wants to be). 

So, fine, I understand I’m making everybody’s holiday harder by doing this. Whatever. 

Thanksgiving is fine, my family is all civil to each other and my mother keeps most of her commentary to herself. 

Cut to this morning. I’m still feeling pretty shitty from yesterday, my dad’s death anniversary. I get a text from my oldest brother, B. Here is the conversation:

B: Did you give mom my number?
You did
I did not want her to have my number
I can't block her cuz she calls anon
That was not cool

Me: What? I didn't.
In fact, it's been incredibly hard to stop her from asking me for your number. Every time I have to make up an excuse. I refuse to. So this is a real slap in the face, fuck me I guess.

B: C (my other brother) didn't. I never gave her my number.

Me: I've never lied to you and honestly this isn't the way to ask me about something. But you didn't ask, you accused. Think whatever you want of me I don't fucking care.

B: Ok

Me (getting way too emotional and blowing up as usual. There are so many things I want to say to my brother but I never do, so when shit like this happens I blow up and lose any credibility cuz I sound defensive. I know the way to fix it is to talk everything out but let’s be real, that’s never going to happen): 
Every single time mom asked me for your number, and it was a lot, I'd tell her I couldn't, I'd make up excuse after excuse. I have never given her your number. My loyalty means nothing to you and you've definitely stopped caring about our relationship. I'm glad you at least have a brother you can stomach being around. Fuck off, I'll see you never. ✌️

And I guess I do care what you think. I'm told I get defensive. I'm sure that just solidifies your argument. You're my big fucking brother. You don't even text me on my birthday, but you text me to accuse me of this. That shit hurts dude. 
I haven't felt part of your family for a long time. So let's quit with the pretense. We are not family. Take care of yourself.

B: Yeah. I see this as deflection and manipulation. The fact you go here and tell me to fuck off etc. Uncalled for. And I did ask you. Say what you want. Do what you will. I'm not chasing this manipulation tactic. You want to talk about this at a later time in a calm and open environment. We can do that when your ready

I haven’t responded, I don’t think I will. I honestly don’t even know what I’m doing here rn. I guess I just felt like dumping my shit somewhere. Please feel free to judge and tell me everything I’m doing wrong.