Need validating I guess
This is my first time posting here, and I think I need to get advice/vent etc. not really sure what I want to accomplish with this post other than be validated. 

My mom, dad, and grandpa came for thanksgiving this year. They were meeting my fiancé’s family for the first time (his family lives close, I talk to FMIL every day just about, and we all get along great). My mom is always difficult to know how she will react to things and I never know what I’m going to get. Wednesday we did a little “meet and greet”, and had dinner at in laws house. I thought it went great, surprised FMIL and my mom with birthday cakes, etc. my mom got up in the middle of a conversation saying she was going home to my place. I came into my room and she was crying and saying “she just missed me”. Fine, that’s understandable, I consoled her and we moved on. 

Come thanksgiving day, I was hosting 11 people so I was stressed. I asked that I just be in the kitchen alone (I love to cook but it’s not helpful o have people in my space) and she complied. After thanksgiving dinner, I went into the room she was staying in to see her again bawling. I was so confused, but honestly annoyed bc she had been distant all day, wasn’t engaging in conversation, left our place multiple times to go outside and take a walk during the middle of dinner. She said she was crying bc “she was watching another family thanksgiving, loosing me as a daughter, and no one asked her questions, and I didn’t allow her to help. I thought I was being nice to treat her as a guest and not ask her to help. I guess not. She said she was going to change her flight to earlier because she didn’t feel like she belonged. I felt awful, cried, and apologized. I still fell awful although I know I did nothing. 

Anyways this isn’t the first time stuff like this happens it’s quite a pattern with my mom. She does things like this all the time where she disengages during a conversation is always on Facebook etc. but then when someone doesn’t engage her she gets really upset. I also have to know that she is quite the narcissist and has done things like gaslight me, denied abuse in our past, and is one of those people that if they are not having a good time no one else around them can have a good time. 

She never asks about me, my partner, our wedding, but had a lot of opinions on our life. Anyways, thanks for reading if you got this far. Am I overreacting?