Should I cut off my toxic family...mostly mother?
My mom was emotionally abusive and ignored my mental health needs growing up. I would open up to her about my problems and she would yell at me and tell me it didn't matter or to leave her alone. My family never spent time together growing up. My parents fought constantly,  never saw them  be affectionate. My dad always slept on the couch. She had money but never let me pursue my interests or take me places I desired simply because she thought it was stupid. She pressured me into college when I didn't want that. She told me to die on the side of the road at one point when I was late for school. She was always in a bad mood and yelled at me everyday. 
Fast forward to adult hood...she tries to make all my decisions and control me. She tells me therapy was the biggest mistake when I tell her advice I got &amp; she always refused to do family therapy when recommended growing up. She tries to tell me what I can and can't do. I was cat sitting for a friend and she told me I can't. She tells me what to do with my relationships and with my money. It just angers me when she says I can't do something. I chose to see this guy she didnt like or understand and she literally sees my location change on snapchat and insults me. Calls me a dumb bitch. Judges me. I have a healthy relationship and stable job right now. I don't feel like I need her. My dad doesn't even speak to me and I don't think has ever just called me. I'm just realizing the toxicity. We also have really different beliefs and value systems. I wouldn't want my children one day  around her very often or the toxic family dynamic.

 The final straw has been her obsession with meeting my new boyfriend. It hasn't even been 2 months. She told me she's taking me out for dinner with my boyfriend  her and my dad for my 24th birthday tonight. It angered me because I want to spend my birthday on a romantic night out with just my boyfriend and I. It sounds horrible and gives me unhappiness and anxiety spending my day with people who I feel really screwed me up and I do feel bitter and resentful. Last time she invited me over, my cat was having an asthma attack. She got angry and said to just bring the cat because she's so selfish. She makes my birthday about herself. I just feel like cutting ties sometimes because I always feel worse and judged after talking with her. 
My brother never answers my messages and like I said my father never speaks to me. I just feel horrible about this decision but it feels right for some reason...I can tell she's trying to grip control the more independent I become.  I want to start going to therapy but I feel like she's brainwashed me into thinking her advice is above all and that it's a bad idea. She always gave me money and gifts in the past to make up for how she was but then she holds that against me or just gives me stuff she needs to get rid of that isn't even my style. I envy others with healthy family dynamics and let her abuse me even as an adult cause I wanted that close mother daughter relationship so bad...help.