Originally destined for r/AmITheAsshole, but they don't accept cut contact posts so, here I be with a post about a Tin-hat conspiracy theorist mother and a searing need to know if indeed... IATA
Please forgive any faux pas I make here- First ever post. Attempt 2. Don't really care if you crucify any spelling or grammar though.

Been a pseudo-lurker via Youtube for a while. I watched an rslash video today that really got me thinking about my mom, obviously related to AITA uh... subreddit? Anyway, this is a doozy, so please buckle up, as at this point it spans years.

My mom and I got into it about two years ago, back when the lung plague (COVID) was getting underway and the vaccine rollout was horribly botched by a certain wannabe dictator. (sorry if that's too political for some folks, I spent nearly a decade in the US Navy, and I call a spade a spade) We were arguing about voting, so I guess this is somewhat relevant. I straight up told her I wasn't going to vote for trump.

I was met with "We will have to agree to disagree." I was adamant that no, my vote was mine and I would sooner vote for a chimpanzee than that loud mouthed trumpet. Which she twisted into me insulting HER because apparently that's some insult referring to trump supporters? This was after a full day of her giving me a tour around her house and her poo-pooing everything about the lung plague. Things like when she showed me the masks her and my stepdad wore when they go out (but refused to wear around me or my Type 1 diabetic, partially immunocompromised, wife) and said "See, were good people when we need to be!" To which I said approvingly "Good!" and got a stark harsh "NO." as if I was a child with my hand in the cookie jar. I'm freaking 30 btw.

Anyway, this continued to escalate with me telling her repeatedly, I ain't voting for him, and her telling me we will have to agree to disagree. I thought maybe she misunderstood, so I changed tracks stating "My vote is mine, and I will put it where I want it. And I ain't voting for him." To the same response. Eventually I was peeved off enough that when she said something along the lines of "If you're just going to be insulting, leave!" I did.

So, with an immunocompromised wife and pretty strong political views (for me- I hadn't participated in an election in over a decade) we kept going at it online. She was drinking every type of conspiracy cool-aid out there. From Bill Gates microchipping people, the vaccine being a hoax, to QAnon, and more. I was feeling very disrespected being told that I was going to vote for someone I absolutely was not, and hurt that she didn't care about my wife's health, and frankly pretty concerned about my mom’s sanity.

So I set some boundaries. I told her that if she was going to come at me with a conspiracy theory, I was going to challenge her on it. And she had some wild ones. We're talking serious Tin hat/flat earth level stuff. And challenge her I did. I started calling her on every logical fallacy she spit. Challenges like "What's the end game? This, that and the other are all fallacies, here's which ones, and here’s a list. What's your source? (which of course was things like facebook and weird articles from under the stairs publishers "cause you can't trust big media with all the fake news") It would have been one thing if she were referring to scholarly documents, or primary or even secondary research, but these were things that made the Onion and the Inquirer look comparatively reliable.

It wasn't long before we had another big blowout. I told her I wasn't willing to deal with her crap anymore. If she wanted a relationship with me then there were four major issues we needed to address and resolve: 1. Logical fallacies- stop using them as arguments. 2. Sources- learn to vet them for reliability. 3. Your echo chamber- you need to get out of it, and 4. Twisting/warping my words- needs to d!@# well stop.

I told her that "Until you are willing to address and work through these issues as equals, stop contacting me." Eventually she started getting in touch again and I shut her down. Refer to the list above. Rinse and repeat several times before she was willing to even think about pretending to try.

When logical fallacies came up she fretted that "that phrase gives me a panic attack" and wouldn't even pay attention to them at all. "I read them, but I don't believe in them. I don't like them." And that was it, no more discussion. She accused me of everything being "my way or the highway" and “I won’t put up with your bullying!” but she wouldn't even pay any attention when I explained that these are proven the same way that math is.

She wouldn't even get into addressing sources with me. At all. 

She got absolutely livid when I challenged her echo chamber. Which lead into the twisting words issues. She sits around all day, unemployed, buzzing around social media and some games lapping up the drama. I told her she needed to try to get both sides, and explained how basically every web browser constitutes it's own self feeding echo chamber based on your searches, but she didn't even process that far. She got hung up on how insulting it was that I told her she needed to get out of hers that it took arguing for literal hours to get her to understand that the word has changed in the last 50 years. Which brought us to the next thing. The word twisting.

She does this thing. If I were to say something like "that cloud looks like a whale." She could somehow turn that into me calling her fat. It's that kind of thing, but a LOT more subtle and a lot more insidious. And she uses it in arguments all the time, turning the topic of the argument away from what it was, to be now her fixated issue. So instead of arguing about the cloud being a whale or a lady, now we're fighting over me calling her fat. 

After hours of fighting her on this too, we had to get off the phone. I told my wife about the whole conversation and she pointed out how hypocritical my mom was, and just how generally disrespectful she was the whole time. We continued the next day, and mom straight up told me that I was wrong about basically everything. Every bit of work we had covered the day before was just ... gone.

Now I was livid. We fought more, with her telling me and I quote exactly "I have been doing things this way for the last 50 years, and I am fine. Why should I have to change MY behavior for YOU?" I was done. She has alienated several spouses and significant others over the years. BOTH of my half sisters through her had ditched her years ago, one essentially going scorched earth on the way out. I was the last blood family standing on her side, and she used that AGAINST ME. "You know how much it hurt when your sisters abandoned me, and now you're using that to bully me."

I told her not to contact me again until she's ready to sit down with a third party. Someone neutral, and she's welcome to pick the person. But it has to be a counselor or therapist. A professional at mending relationships.

A few months back, I started getting little texts. Simple "thinking of yous," and "love yous" and "how have you been?." Each one made me angrier than the last. I had said, in no uncertain terms- I do not want to hear from you. These were her catty little way of trying to just pretend everything was fine.

See, here’s a thing she does. When she gets mad at you, she will cut all contact. Months, years even. If it was a fight, she waits for it to blow over, and then tests the water to see if you are still mad. If you are over it, she acts like nothing ever happened and everything is hunky dory. If you are still ticked, or not willing to drop it, she starts a fight then cuts off again if it doesn’t go her way.

I was NOT playing ball. I sent her a bombshell text telling her to knock it off. I didn't want her catty little texts playing it off like nothing happened. Unless her next text was to say she found a counselor, stop texting me. If she actually loved me, she would make the effort to reflect that, not keep trying to sweep it under the rug. I was definitely not nice.

And surprise surprise, this set off a whole other blowout. We fought again. It ended with my stepdad throwing his hat in the ring and I had enough. I straight up told him that I had made my stand clear, and they had continued harassing me in spite of it. If they needed to get in touch, they could do so through my best friend, provided his number, and a very very stern warning that they d@$# well better not burn this very final bridge. I did clear this with him first, and gave him firm instructions that if they contacted him in anything other than an emergency or they had a guy, to let me know, then block them.

The thing that hurts me the most in all of this is the utter lack of any form of consideration of my feelings. I had stood by my mom's side through all kinds of things, given them THOUSANDS of dollars to make certain they stayed warm though winters that dipped into the -40F at times, and getting them out of a hostile living situation. I had never EVER stood up to them like this before- but it was all just me being an asshole, and they had no fault at all whatsoever, and my mom was just a poor victim. Just like she always was with her lovers. Just like she was when each sister ditched her. I believe that a functional relationship requires a back and forth, including compromises. These fights made me realize that she never saw me as an equal.

TLDR: Tin hat conspiracy mom guzzles conspiracy coolaid and tries to tell me who I am voting for. I give her a laundry list of behaviors she needs to fix and an ultimatum and she not only blows me off but turns me into the villian in her latest spat of family drama. Did you expect the nuance here? Sorry, this is a 2 year long buildup of toxins being released, you will find no nuance in this TLDR.

Am I an asshole for expecting my mother to fix her bad behaviors that are leading her down the rabbit hole on every new conspiracy theory that comes up, and expecting her to treat me as a whole ass person rather than just her crotchgoblin?

This was originally intended for r/AmITheAsshole, and frankly yeah, I genuinely need to know. AITA? Any advice is welcome, but frankly I have zero intention of extending an olive branch at this point. I tried and tried, and everything was my fault and I was a bully and it was my way or the highway, and in the end that last one actually did prove true. It was that or let the drama she kept dragging up ruin my life and marriage. I would appreciate any questions, because while I rebuilt a lot of the nuance here, quite a bit was lost setting this up for the other subreddit, and just can’t really be conveyed in a single boilerplate post. I have realized there are more issues afoot here than the four major ones, but those could theoretically be dealt with later. Assuming I ever see her again.