My mom telling her father-in-law what he will be called.
32/F. So my siblings and my whole life, we have been told by our mom to call my father’s dad “Grandpa.” This was at family parties, singing happy birthday to him, in writing cards, etc.
The thing is he always went by (with the other grandchildren), and wanted to be called, “Pop Pop.” We were so young; we didn’t know what was going on, and would just listen to our mom. She said it was “baby talk” and that’s why we couldn’t say it.
Even today my mom refuses to concede her way wasn’t right. She’ll still “correct” us if we are talking about him using the name he wanted. My dad just “stays out of it.” 
I brought this up since I have been digitizing all my grandparents’ VHS tapes and I came across a video with my Grandmom politely asking my mom say Pop Pop - to no avail…
It’s a shame because I think it kind of ostracized us growing up..
My Grandmom recently passed away, and my Pop Pop passed away almost a couple decades ago, by the way. 
Anyone else have a similar experience? I feel like this is bizarre and wanted to get it off my chest. Thanks.

Edit: since it was asked below, but the comment got deleted after I typed this up..

Well from what I understood the name Pop Pop was very special to him, and had meaning behind it.
Do your parents mind having those different nicknames? I think that’s the difference, if they don’t, that’s perfectly fine.
My mom kind of did it in a vindictive way too. She would cross out “Love, Pop Pop” in our birthday cards and write in “Grandpa.” And then tell us they were wrong for doing that to boot. Lastly, I recently finished digitizing all of my Grandmom’s photo albums (which also contained cards) and found a card where my mom wrote to him a Christmas card from us underlining in the card twice  “Grandpa” on the front and the inside. She corrects me still to this day if I say his nickname in front of her. There are other things I don’t understand about my mom, this is just scratching the surface by the way.