Frustrated Grandmother
Ok this is more of a rant give me advise kind of thing ... My daughter Ill call her Sophia ,she has a boyfriend our family cant stand . He is a little older than her but that's not the issue , he is a hard worker and tries to provide and I do know he loves his kids but that's where my compliments stop. He is always accusing her of cheating completely controlling punishes her and takes her phone when she makes him mad total narcissist and he has pushed her shoved her to the ground and wrestled her for her phone , left her for days with nothing and then acts like she is the issue .   She came into this relationship with 1 small child from a previous bad decision and then together they have 3 for a total of 4 kids , This man has called her a whore in front of her children  and other names .My daughter is emotional no back bone and is the quintessential victim she is no saint but she is I believe honestly in love with him and fears him at the same time . Recently she had decided to leave prompting me to decide to buy a home to get her out of the situation and purchase a home leaving apartment life to give her a escape as my apartment is SMALL . I looked for a 4 bedroom everywhere to at least give her a room  to escape to and get on her feet for all essential purposes they were splitting up and I was thrilled . HOWEVER , the market went nuts and I was unable to secure a 4 bedroom and had to purchase a 3 bedroom instead . I figured I could at least make the living room work temporarily until we got her child support and other assistance to get on her feet . Id sleep in a card board box before someone called me names in front of my kids kept me under his thumb and refused to let me have a car or a way to contact people with 4 kids . I digress , anyway she now says they want o work on things .. OK well i dont like it bt not my decision i get that . I was hurt but supportive as its her life her family but the last few DRAMA situations have killed any chance her ( me and my parents brother sister  and her side of the family ) would ever be civil with him again and he isolates her from us  he hates Irish  people  and our traditions ( he is from Mexico ) but my daughter is um .. Irish but has had to adapt to his culture and forgo anything with us . He visits on holidays are just her and the kids and very short as he gives her 2 hours max with us and then she has to leave . Well today she told me she is pregnant with baby number 5 . I am soo devastated. First, before you pounce understand I will love and be the best grandma I can be to this child . !!  But now with 5 I feel like she is trapped for good I feel like she shot herself in the foot . I am just sad as now finding a way out when he turns mean again ( he is being nice right now ) she will have no way out I cant take her in with 5 . I bought a 3 bedroom and have two boys still at home 8  and 19 . I am always excited to love and hold my grand babies but I am a grandmother of 9 now and 51 years old !!! ( my other daughter has 4 and is married and stable . ) How will she ever find love again if he leaves her or they split is any man ever going to want 5 kids !! ? So far i said congrats and offered a smile and a hug she asked me to not tell anyone till she is showing so im the only one who knows . I cant tell her im disappointed hurt and just floored .  Just ... I feel like i cant save her now .. I'm scared for her body for her health she has had a baby every two to 1 years the last few years !! I'm scared for her yet I feel guilty I'm not thrilled about the pregnancy . AM I THE ASS HOLE ?