My younger sister thinks that I imagine things.
This is going to be a tough one but I will try to explain the situation fairly.

Few days  after I’ve opened up about being sexually abused as a child my sister texted me asking if I ever question the events of my life to be real or imagined? I don’t know if she thinks that I imagined the abuse or not I just know I got hurt instantly because the timing is terrible.

I asked why would she ask me that? She didn’t mention the abuse story however she said it was because of an incident that happened 6 years ago that I told to have happened between me and my brother and that she believes that my story doesn’t hold up and it is out of his character to be doing whatever I said to. Now she wouldn’t give me specifics because it happened so long ago and she says she can’t remember what is it that I said but that she believes her judgment of me to be a person who might be imagining things and she is willing to prove it.

I couldn’t care less about that incident itself and what I would feel reasonable, since she did not witness any of it or cared to mention specifics , is to be my word against my brother’s. I would be ok with assuming I’m lying which hurt but it doesn’t hurt as much as saying I must be mentally unstable to have imagined scenarios.

I was emotional since I got flash backs of childhood memories and tried to explained to my sister that I think we grew up where there were some of us who were granted trust and never had to earn it and others (including me) weren’t and won’t earn that trust no matter what. and that I believe in my heart that she is making this kind of assumption about me when I have never faced someone to question my honesty or my mental state in my whole adult life but my family. 

For many reasons I grew up feeling not accepted by my mother. I did all the things she dislike and there were other situations that she had to go through for the first three years of my life like loosing a child and get picked on because of the name she chose for me which didn’t really help her to love me. I’m a mother I know that we should love our children unconditionally but I’m saying I understand her and don’t hold it against her. And I believe that this dislikes and mistrust of my mother had made an unspoken rule of not trusting me in the house I grew up in.

I would like to believe that I’m an honest and trustworthy person and I hold myself accountable for the values I live by. However sharing this with my sister and opening up to her about the fact that I feel the family always question my intentions and basically need extra proof to believe me and it is not the case with my other siblings. She advised to hold myself accountable and because of the fact that I put myself in defensive mode and feeling the need to explain myself a lot around my family that it makes me come across as not a trustworthy person.

I only started bonding with my sister last year after 6 years of me not talking to the whole family. During the 6 years I got married and have wonderful son and amazing friends. And I wonder why is it that in my own life I’m trustworthy and valuable and an open heart to everyone but I could never have that with my family and why would it go as far as accusing me of a mental illness of imagining things when I thought I could open up and possibly have a great relationship as an adult since we all struggled in our childhood.

I don’t think that they are accusing me as much as what they believe to be true but I can’t be that terrible of a person and not know it. And it can’t be that they are incapable of love because they give it to each other.

Please excuse my grammar mistakes because English isn’t my first language and know that if you got this far I would appreciate your take on the situation.