My family is slowly killing my will to live
I 23F have five siblings, two older, three younger. 30F, 27M, 23F, 12F, 10M, 6F. I have had to help out with my younger siblings since I was 11. I changed diapers and bottle-fed all of my younger siblings. I've bathed them, put them to sleep, taken them to school, picked them up from school, rocked them to sleep, dealt with tantrums and autistic meltdowns from all of them. All while being autistic myself. My older siblings helped as well and more intensively but my older sister doesn't anymore. I'm 23 going to be 24 soon. I hate my life. I hate taking care of my siblings. Maybe I could handle it if I wasn't treated so terribly. My mom takes out her anger on me. She can't yell at the little ones so she does it to me. I'm called incompetent, filthy, lazy, she says I sleep all day, implies I'm useless and I'm not helping her. Anytime I also yell or insult her, im the bad guy. I'm mean and aggressive. Anytime I express anger at her wanting to go back to her abusive ex, she's says this is why I'm not her best friend, that I'm judgemental and angry. My little siblings treat like less than a person. My little sister expects I devote my all to her. Any less and I'm mean and I get insulted. I often get bruises from her. She doesn't seem to get when she kicks or hits me it hurts. I tell her that's wrong but she's says I deserve it. My dad is worse if I'm alone with him, I get berated and called a idiot, useless, stupid, lazy, fat. A few times this year I've been hit by him. I've been berated for 30 min straight before. Hes the opposite with my little siblings. He's nice and gives them affection and love. Since I'm the only one that's hurt by him, it's not a big deal to my mom or siblings. I take hour long walks with my dog to get away from them. Some days are worse than others. Today was. If I get sullen or upset after a particularly bad day. I get angerly asked why I'm angry. Or told to be more bright. I hate everyone in my family expect my older brother. He's the only I've ever felt actually cares about me.  I'm just riding this out till I get my degree and can leave. Some days I just feel like ending it but I know I will have a better life, its just gonna take some time. 

Tldr-My family treats me like less than a person. I hate those bitches. I'm gonna leave when I get my degree.