Sister(f26) admitted to trying to get her ex-boyfriend's(27) parents falsely arrested
I think it's important to state that my sister and I have always been close. She was there for me when mom struggled to be after dad left. They got divorced in my last year of middle school, and my mom used alcohol to cope with a lot of things. My sister turned to drugs with some people she knew from school and has been on it since (heroine), but she defended me to mom when mom would sometimes get physical or start throwing/kicking things around the home. She never sought help and still hasn't to this day

When my sister broke up with her ex (Jason), she told me that he became abusive in similar ways to mom after she had moved out from him. She's still currently looking to find a place of her own, but she recently told me something that's really been bothering me. Before they broke up and she knew she'd be leaving, she said that she planted some baggies in his parent's home with the intent to call CPS on them. She also said that they had a younger daughter (f12) and both had green cards that could be revoked for endangerment, and she was all giddy when she told me about it too. I told her that that was a horrible thing to do and asked if she truly had done it, to which she said yes and that it was payback, but I told her it was wrong. We argued about it, but she got upset that I "didn't take it better" and said that she shouldn't have told me in the first place, but I don't find it funny and consider it evil and want to ask if there's anything I can possibly do about it. I figured I could record her admitting to it, but if she already called them, I don't know how much I can do. Is there anything I can do with the information she gave me

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: My sister recently broke up with her boyfriend, but admitted to planting a baggie in his parent's home before breaking up to get back at him, and she called CPS and told them that they also had a daughter (f12) in their home and hoped that they could get their green card revoked. I yelled at her about it, but want to ask if there's anything I can do with the confession she gave and confirmed numerous times