Idk what to do
When I was younger my mom had a lot of medical issues. That’s why she doesn’t work. I don’t remember how old I was but when I was pretty young she started acting different, she had delusions which would cause her to often feel that someone was trying to hurt her and she always put the blame on me. She could be having a small fight with my dad and she would tell me that it’s all my fault, hit me, yell at me, shame me etc and me being a child assumed she hated me. She then started hallucinating, seeing hearing things. Start out with her thinking her name was being called turned into her yelling, waking up in the middle of the night running out naked, carrying knives ( she even got arrested once was literally up all night worrying cause I didn’t find out until the morning she came home). She would talk to her dead mom and I wound have to sit her down and tell her she’s gone over and over again. She was confused, sometimes forgot who I was. My sister lived in another country so it was just us. I always had anxiety, she never remembered her episodes and when she was out of them she would go back to verbally abusing me. This destroyed me, I was depressed and suicidal. I didn’t wanna say anything cause in the end my mom was sick not me, she was the one that had a reason. Til this day I still flinch when she yells out when for example watching football. It’s still ingrained in my head that I have to jump up and stop her from running out. Many nights I spent hours looking for her pills and convincing her to take them. She got better I think she got on some meds life has been okay. I’m now 16 my sister came back home and my mom has been acting up again. She’s confused, rambles. Walks in circles. First time I saw it I wanted to cry, all those worries and anxious feeling came back up. I cook, I clean, take out trash. Trying to make her day easier but I don’t think I can do this again. I told myself that when I was a kid I wasn’t mentally okay enough to take care of her that’s why it affected me sm but I don’t think I can do it now either. Idk if I can handle taking care of her again idk what to do. So far her newer episodes have only been alone with me. Am I trigger?