I need advise
Hello, I have 3 kids, 2 teenage girls 18 and 15 from my first marriage and an almost 5 year old boy with my current husband of 7 years. 
We have a 3 bed 2 bath home, every since we bought the home 3 years ago my son and 15 year old have been sharing a room and she even likes sharing a bed with him.
My 18 year is always grumpy, doesn't have any interest in anything. 
Now my son is not the most well behaved,  he is a 4 year old boy! So he tries to always get attention from his sisters and they always kick him out of the room or just ignore him, he gets mad and starts bothering them even more. 
It always ends up on him getting time out or in trouble.
It hurts me to always see my son being rejected,  even my husband doesn't have much patience with him.
I had already warned the girls if they continued this behavior with him they'll loose all their privileges. 
So today I really got upset, him and I got home and he goes running into my oldest room and she was sleeping so immediately kicked him out. So already annoyed he goes into the youngest,"his room" and she has a little more patience with him but them he wants what she's eating, she tells him no, he gets mad and start throwing water at him, and put him in time out. And then he is out of time out and the cycle starts again... where he is now crying because he wanted to be in his oldest sister's room. 
So I've had it, I got both my girls in a room, I told them its not fair how they treat him and the reason acts up is because he wants their attention and since they can't even show some care for their brother, they are going to be sharing a room.
I feel at loss, I feel like I am riding alone with all this, because I know my son needs help, and I feel like everything falls on my shoulders, my husband says he only ants like that with me, I dont have his support (thats another story)
Please help me guys, did I make the right decision, what can I do...its a big age gap also, which makes it difficult as well.
Please give me advise on how you would handle things. 😭😭😭