Would you be annoyed? Or should I just be grateful?
I am pretty sure my boyfriend is going to propose this week. There have been many details that I found out that have convinced me he’s doing it Thursday or Friday so I am pretty confident in that. I would be shocked if it’s not honestly. I am super excited, though anxious at the same time. However, I am pretty sure my sister contacted my work to get me days off this weekend to celebrate and that is stressing me out majorly. I am having a major panic attack. 

I am a night nanny part time (I work from home the rest of the time) ; I take care of newborns for a few months after birth, so I work with about 4 families per year. Though I’m not bound by HIPPAA or confidentiality laws, I take privacy very seriously. My sister found out the identity of the family I am working with through social media; they had mentioned that they had a night nanny who they loved in a private group. My sister asked if they were talking about me and I said yes. I shouldn’t have, I should have respected their privacy. But I was flattered. Anyway, they told me they wouldn’t need me this coming weekend (12/3-12/5) because they were going away. Fine by me, everyone deserves a trip. But I’ve come to realize they aren’t actually going away because on their calendar, it says the baby has a doctors appointment on Saturday and their older child has a dance performance. I can’t think of any other reason they would lie to me; they are always asking me to fill in extra days. I am now convinced my sister contacted them through social media since she figured out who they are. I am so embarrassed and afraid they will think less of me. I’m already nervous about the engagement since I don’t like a lot of attention and this just set me over the edge....but I can’t bring it up to her without letting her know that I know the surprise. I take a lot of pride in what I do and this is just so not my style. I have no idea where to go from here or how to release my stress. I am so embarrassed and I can’t stop panicking. I love my sister but I think she way overstepped. I don’t like attention and this is far beyond my comfort zone. Would you be annoyed too? Or am I overreacting? Should I bring it up with her after the fact, assuming I’m right about everything?