How should I respond to my Dad's text?
Background: my mom and dad divorced in 2008 but lived together until 2017-2019 ish (it's all a blur). My dad was abusive towards my mom, brother, and myself especially. Physically and verbally he degraded me in public and in private. The physically abuse stopped, for the most part, when my brother and I got older. But the verbal abuse insued. It was manageable and eventually my parents could co-exist with each other. They even managed to open a business together. A little less than a decade after opening said business, our family was officially torn apart when my mom discovered my dad "cheated" on her with another woman, in a business they co-owned. I'm not sure how it would be cheating if they divorced, so I would assume she would be mad because he had the audacity to sleep with another woman inside their business. 

Fast-forward to present day, and my Dad has been diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer. He can barely see and the gift of walking is something he now struggles with. Ever since his diagnosis, my dad is always trying to help my mom and I (When my mom found out he "cheated" she left the old business to start her own). He bought fundamental equipment for the store, hired electricians, supported the business, advertised, etc. He even pays me weekly for working at the store

Up until a couple of days ago, I thought my dad was doing these things out of the kindness of his heart or to right his wrongs, with whatever time he has left on Earth. Turns out he is doing all of this to get back with my Mom. A few days before Thanksgiving, my parents where at the same gathering. He got drunk (he is an alcoholic, which does him and his cancer no good) and started saying to my mom, "you're f-ing these random guys!! So you're not going to marry me???" My mom came home after he said those things. For the following 2-3 days, he stalked us. He came to our house, when we told him not to. And he sat in front of my moms business, waiting for her (luckily I was there instead)

Days later, I went to his house to see my brother, and my dad was there (I thought he was at my uncles house). His eyes were red and he looked frail. Maybe he was drinking, I dunno. But he said some unkind words, basically disowned me, and said he would "never stand by me until I bow down and apologize to him".

We had no contact, until this morning where he said the follow: Morning.  What's up? Fine time and come and get your weekly money. And I did not block you. That account just didn't have funds. You have a game today?

I'm honestly so annoyed and irritated, because I just am. I have not responded and I don't know what to say. Apart of me wants to be a scumbag and respond as such. Another part wants to be cordial. I need a little help. 

I apologize for the long back story but I just wrote as I spoke.