Why is it ok for brothers to inflict physical pain onto each other? (Younger brother perspective)
I am a younger brother of an older brother who's 5 years older than me. Even though we live together, we don't interact with each other at all. I feel like I am justified as to why I ignore him.

When I was a kid, he would constantly fight me. I would be yelling (because it hurt), and my parents would always get angry with me because to them, I was being too noisy and too problematic with the yelling. My parents drew the line at him hitting me with a baking tray and leaving a bruise. For context, I do not like physical touch at all, and that includes fighting.

Now, I don't ever talk to him. In fact, I don't have any memories of ever talking to him. I also don't have any positive memories of him, and I don't know what the benefit would be if I were to have some sort of relationship with him. If anything, wouldn't I have to put a lot of effort into learning how to fight and take self-defense classes because "brothers fight all the time"?

From then to now, people would ask me about my brother. At first, I thought they were trying to offend me, because it's like 'why would you ask me about someone who obviously hates me?'. I would always assume that everybody else's relationship with their brother was like mine. I fail to empathise what other family's dynamic between a younger brother and an older brother is like.

What really changed my perspective was that I have a friend who moved in with his older brother. I never knew that there could be someone (or some people?) that could get along with their brother enough to move in with them. However, I do not understand how that dynamic works, because I can't understand getting along with someone and also wanting to fight them. I still find it extremely weird that people ask about him, even though I know now that people may not know what the relationship between me and my brother is like.

What bothers me is that I've talked to professionals, friends, and family, who don't agree with me. I've explained to them that he's fought me so many times. He also holds a hatred towards me because I'm ASD. They say that "brothers fight all the time", "that's what an older brother is suppose to do", "BUT he's your brother!!" etc. Then they would say that I should do something with him. Some of them would say that I'm a bad person because I don't interact with him. I find it extreme that some people suggested that I should do something with him. However, I do not feel comfortable talking to my brother, or interacting with him in any way. I'd think it's easier to interact with a stranger than to interact with my brother, so I'm deeply confused as to why people don't agree with me. I also don't get why nobody checks him about his hateful attitudes and views towards me, but they freak out over me not wanting to interact with him.

I do not understand why, in society, it's considered ok for an older brother to deal so much physical pain to a younger brother, and not ok for me to cut him out off my life because of that. I know there could be some gender norms here (boys shouldn't feel pain, etc.) but it gets to a point where it's completely unfair. A teenager or an adult fighting a kid would be considered a pathetic individual, but because it's my brother, it's ok for him to do that? I feel like if the 'brother' was removed out of the equation, then people would agree with me.