Another Disappointed Business Major
\[Warning: This essay is not my best work\]

So I'm in my final few days of completing a Business Management/Economics degree and because of this, i've used the last few months applying around to jobs. My job search focuses on finding anything that might build my business strategy or analyst skills and is attached to a product/industry i'm interested in.  So far, I have only received interviews for business development roles, and after reading more about these roles and speaking to SDRs and BDRs I know that I will absolutely hate this line of work. 

I've actually always wanted to become a commercial airliner pilot. Ever since I was a young kid aviation has fascinated me. This passion remains strong today, but i've decided -in hopes of leading a more balanced life- to compromise and instead, work to develop aerospace or transportation technologies. Unfortunately, it has been extremely difficult finding any business-non sales, analyst, or non-tech product-oriented roles in this industry with my degree and level of experience. Thus, I felt forced to branch out and look harder at sales. 

Now, I have a biz dev interview set up with a large rideshare corporation that I have absolutely no interest in pursuing. I feel like it would be a betrayal of my pilot-dream to do cold calling and lead generation....like-that's horrible. Furthermore, the reason I convinced myself to leave flying was because of the fact that I have skill sets and experience in leadership, creativity, and being technical (albeit not studying a technical degree). I was convinced these qualities I possess would give me far more opportunity and a stimulating career, yet here I am- about to make 100 cold calls a day. 

I'm honestly not sure what to do now, i'm still looking for positions that satisfy me. I guess some questions I have are:

Is it possible to go into product management with this degree? 

Should I swallow the sales pill as an early career and switch later?....Would it be hard to switch?

Are there any roles that I shld be looking for that combine being product oriented/creative whilst staying relatively non-tech?

Any advice is appreciated.

Thanks &lt;3