Need Help Finding a Career in Healthcare
Hi everyone! I am a 21 year old guy in my 3rd year of community college and have yet to transfer to a university. All my friends are moving on and I am still stuck changing majors. I was a psych major first, then changed to computer science, and now nursing. 

Just some context. I have always been a pretty good student and have gotten all As in my classes including sciences. I feel like I am also a pretty good communicator and love being around/socializing with people. However, one thing I really struggle with are things that involve me to work with my hands. I feel like a lot of people I go for guidance really undermine this. In lab, I am always the last one to leave and even with that I am constantly messing things up. I am super clumsy and when I am not clumsy and trying to be careful, I am too slow. It’s so hard to describe. It's like I get a touch of ADD whenever I have to do anything practical or procedural and I have had my fair share of people yelling at me over it. I am trying every day to figure something out for that , but it’s really discouraging and has utterly shattered my self esteem, so if y’all have any suggestions? That would be much appreciated too!

I have decided after much evaluation, that healthcare is the kind of work I value and I relate far more to this crowd of professionals than any others. The thing that draws me most to it is patient interaction and being able to make an impact. I also find the subject matter far more interesting. Status and titles are not really my priorities. My only priorities patient contact, steady income, and work/life balance. With that in mind, here’s what I have so far: 

Nursing is the path I am on right now and it’s great so far! I love all my classes and my classmates are all very sweet. However, my family is pretty old school and since I am a guy they express a lot of shame when they find out what I do. Even my friends talk about how nurses are abused all the time and that it’s not worth it. I should be a doctor because they have respect and autonomy and don’t have to answer to anyone. Even so, I am considering continuing my education to be an NP or CRNA which is a little more autonomous and makes the 6 figure salary range I am looking for. That said, with the track I am currently on I would make it out with my BSN at 24/25 years old which feels a little rough for just a bachelor's degree.

Another option I am considering is going to PA school. It’s shorter than being a doctor and a lot of the responsibility is the same. A lot of people say I will be stuck as an “assistant” all my life, but I know from my research PAs have a good amount of autonomy. That still sticks in the back of my mind though. I imagine myself in time, wanting to see some growth and I feel like the PA path might create a ceiling for me in terms of salary and work. 

The last and most daunting option is being a doctor. I am deathly scared of med school because I already have so much anxiety and I have heard that med school is definitely doesn’t help with that. Even med students make me a bit anxious. They are definitely very scientific thinkers, discrete, and focused and I have always been more of a people thinker and kind of distracted by other things. I don’t think I want medicine to be my whole entire life. But my family constantly pushes me. They think I am wasting my potential. The biggest thing is I just can’t imagine myself being the guy everyone comes to who’s in charge of these people’s lives. Even so, the way my family preaches about the lifestyle of family practice physicians makes me still think it could be doable and I feel like it’s not that much more school than an NP or PA. I have the discipline, I just lack the drive and, in my mind, the competency.

Anyway those are the big three I am considering right now. If y’all could help me out weighing them together based on my specific circumstance that would be great