Unsatisfied(?) in International Education Field - Wondering Where to go Next
Hello, all! I would like to ask yall lovely people for advice/assistance. I graduated with a B.A. in International Affairs. Throughout my career I have been working in the international affairs and, more recently (and frequently), international education fields. I am currently a study abroad coordinator and I am not enjoying it at all.

It is my first student-/outward-facing job and I think that is the biggest issue. I have come to the realization that, while I truly enjoy empowering students to explore the world around them, I prefer supporting the field of international education (not working directly with international or study abroad students). So, while I am currently looking for a new position in that realm... I am also wondering if international education is for me at all. I have been thinking about it more and more and international education may be something more of a hobby - not something passionate enough about to see a lifelong career in. I easily get bored, so I am wondering if its just me being frustrated with my current situation or is it something that I truly want to do. 

Also, throughout my job search, I have come across executive assistant positions with law firms, counseling firms, etc. that I am easily qualified for and are 40K to 50K more than what I make now. While the job may not be in the field I studied in or in the field I spent most of my working life in, the money is attractive - especially with federal loans and other personal finances popping up. I'm just tired of living paycheck to paycheck if I am being honest and 40K to 50K more wouldn't hurt. But, will it look bad on my resume to go from a study abroad coordinator to an executive assistant with people only focusing on the words "coordinator" and "assistant" and assuming a decrease in responsibility?

But is it worth me being bored or "unsatisfied"? But, if I am "unsatisfied" now will it really be that bad? I would just like some advice as to how to figure this all out - I have applied to a international affairs mentorship program to help on that side (got in).