Any useful vocational preference tests or methods?
So, just generally wondering if anyone has had success or knows of any good/useful/not-totally-bs tests to determine a career path?

I'm a M(39+) that is currently employed in Europe. I'm not thrilled with my company, but I do like the people that I work with. My current role is 'Communications Officer' but I don't really have a formal background in comms. The job is with a start-up and my role actually encompasses a bit of admin, bit of IT, bit of marketing, bit of content production, and assorted tasks as necessary. I've been in the role for a while and the company has grown but not really improved or shed its start-up mentality. My main gripes at the moment are that I've had to train myself up to minimum competency in these various role niches, but I haven't had the opportunity to learn any of those roles from a senior or someone who knows about best practices. My background is actually from the US and social sciences, so learning about business in an international environment has been interesting, but I don't feel like I've found my 'thing' yet. The positive side of the role is that the diverse experience I think gives me a range of options, but I have prominent and heavy self-doubts about how any of my skills measure up 'on the market.' Essentially, I'd be looking for some way to pick a direction to pivot in and actually pursue wholeheartedly.

Apologies for any rambling above, I'm interested to hear anyone's thoughts on something to try, I should mention I did one of those assessment things where they tell you about the contexts you like, but I didn't find it useful or enlightening. I'd like to get out of this feeling of just being some sort of a generalist and choose a direction to develop into. I'm not looking for my dream job, just someway of finding a track I can move forward with minimal attrition to what I learned and if it's not something I like that the compensation makes up for it.

Thanks for reading.