Is there any hope?
Hey all - I’m a scientist, have been for about 8 years after getting my degree (and working in labs for over ten). As a student I had the luxury of getting to use my brain. I worked in 3 labs at once and volunteered field work on the side with our crazy (cool as fuck) ecology professor. Add on getting a 4.0 in classes (mostly from getting to apply that knowledge to actual research and such), and the social aspect and I was happy. Figured I’d end up at Jimmy John’s after grad even with being published and having a bunch of credentials.

Turns out that I prefer food service to a lab job. I had a year in between dropping a PhD program and getting back into science (because $ and benefits and shit), and that’s the happiest I’ve been in 9 years. And the closest to 100% sober since about a year post graduate (I was stone cold sober until around 2014, where loneliness and lack of brain cells used just made life feel purposeless). This year was 2017/18.

The problem with working food service? Money and insurance. I’m with a woman now who isn’t crazy expensive, but she isn’t gonna crash in someone’s basement just to make ends meet. 

What I love about food service: the people. I prefer uncensored, working class people to the PC culture fancy jobs make you pretend at. The people were somehow more honest. We all knew each other’s business, which imo was refreshing.I truly knew the guys I worked with. Some were getting out of jail in this program thing, and all of us over 25 were crazy in one way or another. 

Something felt correct being in an environment where we would get aggressive with one another sometimes, and we worked our bodies. I miss the elements (the AC was always broken) and how alive I felt in….uncontrolled conditions. Running, lifting, being in that moment. The stuff that naturally produces dopamine.

Tldr: if 99% of jobs won’t stimulate the mind, I prefer my body to feel something. And people are inherently more cognitively stimulating than….solitude. I want to be the animal I was supposed to be but get paid a decent wage. Ideas?