Finding a balance between money and happiness
I'm currently in my second year of college working on a BS in biology. I know that there are a lot of directions I could take bio, and I have an interest in a few of them. Now I'm stuck trying to figure out which direction is worth taking. I'd like to get at least *some* direction while I'm still here at college, so I can take the right classes and save on money later. But it's been pretty stressful.


My biggest interest is easily wildlife/ecology, particularly birds. I've been taking an ornithology class this semester, and being out in the field handling birds has gotten me so excited. Unfortunately, I can't really turn that into a job. I mean, I *could*, but it wouldn't pay well at all, and there wouldn't exactly be a huge amount of job opportunities for me. As much as it sounds nice to Follow My Passion™, I think I  value financial security more. If I end up single and living on my own somewhere, I don't want to be ripping my hair out stressing over paying the bills. And if I were to get in an accident or something? I'd be screwed. So unless I'm lucky enough to end up in a financial situation where I can reasonably rely on someone else's income, working a job for the sake of passion is out the window. (Unless any of you guys have some good suggestions - I'm all ears!)


Now I'm looking into finding a balance between money and passion. It seems like the more a job pays, the less interested I am in the work itself. Being a doctor sounds great when I look at the massive salary, but then I factor in med school and the stressful nature of the work and I know that I never want to be a doctor. I considered dentistry, too. Pays less than being a doctor would, but also less stressful and requires less schooling. It still feels likes way too big of an investment for me (dental school is expensive!). So now I'm on the look out for jobs that pay decently (~50k a year) and would be a tolerable job for me.


Does anyone have any job suggestions to look into? I'm looking for a career where I am constantly busy with something - in the field, in a lab, working with my hands, etc. I am absolutely not interested in a desk job. I'd also prefer to have people around, either working with me directly or working around me. The higher the salary, the better, obviously lol. I'm not against doing more schooling after getting my BS, in fact I'd be shocked if you knew of a good bio-related job  where I *didn't* need additional schooling. All suggestions are welcome. I just want to have some idea of what to do with my life before I get too deep into college and lose an easy opportunity to take the appropriate classes.