Bit of a vent - this year, the pandemic, anxiety, alcohol &amp; the chronic reflux it had caused
I've learnt a lot this year, mostly that acid reflux sucks - this wasn't even something I knew existed before march, but in hindsight i've had some of its symptoms but tamer before, namely spells of shortness of breath and in general strange esophegal &amp; stomach behaviour. 

This pandemic has truly broken me, it feels like i've come out of the last two years with severe brain damage or something. Not being able to go out and socialise meant I was restricted to sitting in my bedroom nearly every day of the year, and being stupid I would down lots of alcohol most evenings, LOTS; we're talking at its peak about 1L of hard spirits on a weekly basis. Before 2020, I was almost anti alcohol having rarely ever drunk before. 

By march of this year, this persistent drinking seemed to take its toll, when I began waking up with breathing issues and dizziness. I went to the doctor, my heart was listened to and my blood pressure was checked, everything was totally healthy and i was told that i was likely experiencing acid reflux as well as some sort of health anxiety given the nature of the symptoms. So I was given omeprazole, and pretty much as soon as I got home and took the first pill I felt 100% better almost immediately. As a result that pill was the only one I ended up taking between then and may. In this time i also began running; i'm 21, and had rarely exercised at all for about five years, so this seemed like a no brainer in helping prevent more symptoms.

Unfortunately, I quickly went back to drinking. I was fine until may, when I started experiencing the same symptoms as before as well as chest discomfort, belching, hearburn, the lot. The dizziness and chest discomfort (it was this difficult to describe almost lump like feeling just to the left of my sternum, that would feel better when i put pressure on it) were by far the worst as it constantly felt like I was about to die from heart failure. Obviously this was ridiculous and I knew that it wasn't the case, as the symptoms actually improved when I started running and were worst when sitting down, but every time the symptoms briefly peaked I would have for a very brief second this sudden subconscious 'fight or flight' moment and it was utterly terrifying. Needless to say, i called the doctor and was berated for continuing to drink large amounts of alcohol. I suppose having never experienced that sort of level of bad health before to be told that it wasn't anything serious was enough for me to continue living the way I did between march and may, albeit with the addition of omeprazole but this time it really didnt do anything despite actually taking the full prescription this time.

So for the next few months, I rode out what i was dealing with and tried not to pay much attention to it. Did it work? Kind of, when I was out doing things it was 100% fine like nothing was there. Unfortunately my work involves sitting at a desk all the time so in this period it was extremely hard to get anything done because of how common the symptoms were. In august, I travelled to an airbnb for a weekend with some friends, and on the first night we drank, a lot. The next evening I had a full on panic attack in front of them when I suddenly felt incredibly dizzy, like I was about to pass out, this was easily the most scared I had felt. I continued to feel dizzy days after the trip and I called the doctor again, who pretty much echoed what I was told in may. I was however given lansoprazole, and whether this helped or not in what happened a week after I dont know.

So the next week, I set out on a 2 week road trip with some other friends, committing to this while still feeling really dizzy, it literally did not stop in the preceding week. It was in the end a brilliant decision to go, because 2 days in I suddenly felt better. Zero symptoms for the rest of the holiday, it was the best I had felt for as long as I could remember. It was here due to the nature of camping that I was unable to drink (thanks to my sensible friends) or eat loads of crap food, and I can only speculate that this combined with the constant activity nullifying any health anxiety I had been completely fixed, I really couldn't believe it at the time despite it being quite obvious why I felt the way I did.

For the next 2 months, I continued to have no symptoms. I had an appointment to have a blood test, just to put the final anxiety nail in the coffin, and the results indicated near perfect health. I visited the doctor I had spoken to before and it felt like this awful ordeal was finally wrapped up, I felt great &amp; like pre pandemic me again - It was my 21st birthday a few weeks later, and naturally the alcohol crept back in. That one weekend I drank lots, and shock I got symptoms again. Very mild mind, and they went in a few days.

I write all this because i've let my guard down again, and i've had this annoying dizziness constantly for a good week and a bit now, and in recent days the same chest discomfort I had before. Hopefully this wall of text provides some perspective for both myself and some of you who have experienced something similar, because reading this back there are several recurrent themes that lead to the same symptoms, and no matter how never ending they feel at the time they do &amp; will subside. The fact that bad food and drink consumption correlates with symptoms, taking my mind off the symptoms removes them and exercising or doing borderline pseudoscientific exercises alleviates the symptoms is all that I need to know and that I need to stop panicking and get my shit together.

The throwaway is this:

\-Dont drink lots of alcohol

\-Anxiety fucking sucks

\-Mentality is everything; personal responsibility is critical to good health