We LPR folks could learn more and talk more here in this sub about (1) pepsin and (2) food, as they relate to the cause and cure of LPR
Medical professionals have researched and understand a lot about GERD, and we help to explain that GERD info to newbies.

But research and understanding about LPR is more recent, and less understood, so sometimes we are explaining GERD cures to newbies with LPR, when those GERD cures are not effective for them.

The newest reliable websites explain that LPR cannot be minimized / cured with medications (\*see note below).  They explain that we must understand how pepsin makes its way and embeds into the tissues of the pharynx (throat) and larynx (voice box), and how to neutralize that pepsin.  They also explain that controlling food eaten is critical to healing LPR, not optional.

GERD reflux tends to be liquid, and only flows back as far as the esophagus.  However, the enzyme pepsin contained in that liquid can convert to aerosol (gas) and travel past the esophagus into the larynx (voice box) and throat (pharynx). Then the pepsin can embed itself into the delicate linings of the larynx and pharynx.  After that, every time we eat an acid food that flows past the larynx and pharynx, it re-activates the pepsin to irritate and inflame those linings.  We must de-activate the pepsin using alkaline water, plus stop eating foods that are affecting any pepsin that's still there.

(\*note that medications won't cure LPR -- because GERD reflux can be the source of LPR aerosol pepsin, the PPI and H-2 blocker meds that limit the quantity of GERD reflux could be a first step that will limit LPR pepsin aerosol flow, but the GERD meds usually don't limit enough pepsin, so the LPR symptoms persist.)

Drinking alkaline water can neutralize the pepsin already embedded in the linings.  Alkaline water is regular water with standard kitchen baking soda added to it.  One can also make a homemade alkaline water spray using a larger quantity of baking soda that you cannot drink, but you put it in a spray mist bottle and spray it in throat and nose.

See YouTube "Reflux Doc" for a few very short but very helpful explanations about LPR, and the quantities to make the spray mist bottle version of the alkaline water.