Job Is Affecting My Health and I Want to Quit Without Lining Up Another Job First. I Have Some Questions.
**I want to preface this by saying I absolutely know this is not recommended. Please be nice, I am not coming to this decision without a substantial amount of consideration and if there was a way I could stick it out without putting myself at risk health-wise or career-wise I certainly would.**


I work for a large CRM software company as a software engineer. Last December I took a medical leave and my supervisor requested that I continue to do work while out. I respectfully pushed back and suggested an alternate time frame for what he was requesting since, you know, I was taking the leave since I was not fit to work. This didn't sit well with him and he began to put me in difficult situations upon return where it was likely I would fail. He took every opportunity he could to apply pressure and make me feel very threatened that I would lose my job. At the time I was still recovering, not feeling 100% and struggling with side effects of the treatment I did, so the extra pressure and worry was having a huge impact on my performance and health. Ultimately, we've been at odds this entire year. I've worked really * really * hard to win back some of his favor and I've improved health-wise quite a lot in that time.

However, as a relatively new dev I don't feel I've ever really gotten the mentorship or support that I need to grow. Not to mention, since we use proprietary stuff that is click-based in addition to code I feel I am not growing my skills the way I want to. I've learned a lot but I doubt I am on par with others who have similar years of experience who used solely code at their job.

I'm trying to keep this short but I also wanted to give some background because I know what I want to do is strongly frowned upon, but the stress of this job is really affecting my health. I've recently had a flare up of an autoimmune disease that caused several scary nights with high heart rate and difficulty breathing. What I'm trying to convey is that my work environment feels very hostile. I was threatened with a PIP and termination when I was recovering and my manager watches me like a hawk. This is never going to be an environment I succeed in and the stress along with my ongoing health issues makes it very hard to do the necessary things to get a new job (in addition to me feeling completely worthless about my skills). I'm stuck. I've been going in circles for the last year trying to find a niche where I can be more successful. I don't think I can under these conditions. I think it's worth noting that there were 3 women who were direct reports to my supervisor and I am the only one left.

Another thing that I'm really struggling with is that he refuses to approve my permanent relocation. I moved cross country from a place with lower COL to a place with higher on a temporary relocation. He said if I made big improvements that he would approve the permanent relocation at the end of the year. This month during a 1x1 he moved those goal posts by saying that he would approve it sometime in 2022, even though he stated then and consistently over the last several months that I have made great progress and he is happy with how I am doing.

I've got some savings. I live in a tech-rich area. I want to quit. I think I will be better off without all of the stress and free to prepare, study, build local connections, and job search. Financially I can survive with good budgeting for a year, longer if I work part time somewhere like Starbucks or maybe start freelancing. I can't do this job for much longer and I feel that the longer I avoid facing the fact that this situation is simply not going to end well, the more risk of things like termination or PIP. I'm somewhat new to this area, so I feel that being out of work for (hopefully) only a few months while I get my shit together would be easily explained with the relocation.

I'd like to know from you all if you were interviewing someone who had a gap of employment following a move, how could that be worded positively? Another thing: is there a way to discuss how my supervisor went back on his promise to approve my permanent relocation as part of the reason I quit? I have been here less than a year so there might be questions as to why I stayed with the company for so many months after moving here and then quit seemingly randomly. Can you help with some suggestions about how to word that?

EDITING FOR SOME CLARITY: I would NEVER badmouth my former employer! But I feel that it might come up that I stayed on after moving so how do I explain that?