Is it suspicious that my boss wants me to find another job instead of getting me promoted?
My boss is considerate and very patient with my questions, I've been doing little mistakes and delayed some activities but also received a positive feedback from a client, who mentioned via email to my boss; and got a compliment from a manager of a different department (she said he likes my work and he also jokes about bringing me to his area if I ask him too many questions lol).



It's been almost 11 months in the company (contract says the maximum period of the internship it's 2 years) and I really like my job, it's stressful but I'm learning so much compared to my last one. 



The thing is, lately she said there's an open position in another company (same area, internship as well; probably pays higher but the contract lasts 2y6). She said it could be a good idea to switch to this company while I look for a full-time position. Even mentioned that if I'm interested, she could get a friend to recommend me.



I said I'll look it up but was also taken aback with this, since I'm not looking for a 40h shift right now. She said that an internship should be an opportunity to find out something we like to do, so I don't need to worry much about completing a year in my current company, which is one of the concerns I addressed to her. She said that she wished someone could've talked to her back then, so she could work in the field she likes without regretting it.



The area I'm working in is great but I'm also not sure if it's "the one". But I really wanted to be promoted like my coworkers, which will most likely take more 1y6m... I don't want to work as an intern forever but she said that once I get a full-time position there's no way back... so, I guess that it's a bad thing from her pov to be promoted? 



She said she'll be sad if I quit but she just wants what's best for me. My mom jokingly said maybe she was trying to get rid of me, but I think it might be not... she'll also take some time to train another employee, not worthy imo. So what do you guys think? P.S. right now I'm in the Commercial area but I want to get in the Business Intelligence area...

TL;DR: boss said there's an open position in another company and offered an help, but I'm conflicted because I want to become an analyst (aka being promoted) in this currently company. I don't know her intentions or maybe I'm reading too much into it.