Hiring manager perspective on the current market
I’m currently hiring for a early- to mid-career professional in a very large org. I have a few observations I thought might be helpful to people here.

1. I have about 50% more applicants than usual. That’s a lot to get through. There are a lot of steps to be taken behind the scenes. 

2. Our recruiters are absolutely overwhelmed. The recruiting team is down and hiring is up across the organization. This means one recruiter having to handle the job of two - no wonder things are slow.

3. I have applicants that have been directors for 20 years and applicants with several advanced degrees. I also have applicants fresh out of college. The range is wide and you have no idea what your competition is. Also, there really is such a thing as overqualified. When I see a director with 20 years experience applying for an individual contributor role, all I can wonder is why?! I may still interview, but it gives me pause. 

4. I love nontraditional applicants. Changing careers, stay at home parent, I’m always willing to give people a chance. But it’s tough with so many qualified candidates and resources stretched so thin. For every candidate I definitely want to interview, there’s at least one other I’m willing to give a chance - Meaning I’d like to give both of them phone screens with the recruiter. But with the recruiter so busy, I worry about wasting her time on a nonviable candidate. Since she also loves giving people a chance, we usually choose a couple to include. But so far none of we those nontraditional candidates have made it past the first round.

5. Holidays. I know it sucks. I just came back after 10 days off. My recruiter is now off this week. In other words, Thanksgiving is giving us about a two week delay in the process. Our company also shuts down for two weeks at the end of December. I’m trying to cram as many interviews as I can in the next two weeks so we can actually send an offer before the holidays.

Basically, it sucks. I get it. My own hiring process was amazing at this company. I actually really like our hiring process. It tends to move fast and everyone is easy to talk to, professional, and cares about the candidates. I’m sorry that our process is more frustrating for the candidates than usual. I can’t imagine how bad it is at a company that doesn’t have good hiring in the first place.

So take heart! There’s a lot of movement happening. Ultimately, if you’re job seeking, that’s great.