Pidgeonholed myself into kitchen/food service jobs and I want out so badly
All I've ever worked are food service positions (or parallel to food service like delivery driving). It only struck me in the past year that I've fucked myself until I have my degree (computer science, but not far enough along to possess any marketable skills in that world yet).

I'm incredibly meticulous and I always end up becoming the wizard of whatever systems I work with or implement. Every job I've taken has ended up bringing me into a management path, and at my last serious job I actually made some good money as a general manager of an upscale breakfast restaurant.

But by god, I fucking hated the work and it was killing me. Now, I'm driving for an upscale, local delivery service that actually pays me a wage in addition to tips, so it's been mostly worth it, but even this is starting to wear on me. I work 7 days a week in order to earn the bonus that makes the job worth it, and even though the pay is relatively fair, I still absolutely hate my day-to-day. I'm sitting here rotting in my car as I type this, and there's no break in my schedule in sight.

I want an office job, 9-5, preferably remote. Can't believe I'd ever get to the point of actually wanting something like that but here I am. I *know* that whatever skills I don't have can be learned and mastered, as that's just the type of person I am when it comes to a new challenge. But I have no way to convince anybody of that. I apply to 5-10 office-ey listings a day and never hear back. I understand that companies want someone who knows the material first, but even ones with relatively low requirements never even look at my applications. 

There are a million certifications and tiny little skills to learn, each job wants different ones among them, and I can't decide what's important enough to spend my time learning. And if I learn any particular programs or processes, who's to say that'll make a difference anyway? They want experience which *I won't have until someone gives me a chance.*

This is just a rant. I know I'm surviving now and I'm blessed for what I have because it's the only thing keeping me from having to return to restaurant work. But I wish it were as easy to find even $15/hr working remotely as it is for me to find a management role in food service. I wish someone would take a chance on me. I want to have weekends off with my family. I'm utterly miserable all the time and the fact that I have no days off whatsoever until Christmas, and then none for the forseeable future afterwords, is taking an immense toll on my mental health. I'm not the first person to be upset about this stuff, I know, but...god damn I just wish I could sit down with somebody and prove my worth.