My life’s been going downhill
I’m 20 and my life’s been going down. So quick back story. I was born in Europe and moved to America when I was about 3 years old. I never had a father figure only my mom and step dad that would show up once in a blue moon. Life growing up was up and down, my moms side had money but wouldn’t bother tryna help my mom so she had to do everything on her own for me and my brother. When I was younger I was either in a bad environment in the hood and a good environment in ah nice area it just depended on if my family was willing to take care of me for the week. But I was a good kid growing up only causing ah little bit of trouble just so I could see my mom more often lol most I ever did as a kid was stab someone for jumping my friend. But life got better kinda…. when I was about 14-18 my mom was able to to pay for most of the bills because she was dating ah guy that had money. So I was able to focus on bettering my life. I stopped having to go to the hood and was playing sports. Had decent clothes and good food. But at the same time life really hit because my mom told me somethings that really messed me up. So I went anti social at this time. So I decided I wanted to move back to Europe for sports but got injured out there so I quit. And this is when my life started going down hill. I started selling out there and things led to more and I saw my friend die. So I decided to move back to the us. So when I got back I decided to start making music for fun But stopped. After a little. I started getting arrested and doing things that where I was hurting my mom and myself. I was homeless at a certain point too and I dated someone who put me in a deep state of depression. And my life just been going down. I feel like sometimes I should go back to antidepressants but I kn what that will lead too. I been addicted to cigarettes for the past 5 years now and can’t even put one down after 1 hour. But one thing is I’m working a full time job and getting paid okay but that’s about it. I feel lost and sad at times and can’t figure out what to do. If anyone could give me any advice I’d appreciate it a lot.