My ex is determined to destroy my life. A long a traumatic story that just keeps going. Please help!
About a year and a half ago, me and my (ex)girlfriend had been dating for 8 years. We decided to purchase a home together after a lengthy stressful decision. We were living in a home that my parents rented out to us…but it had such a bad mold problem that we decided to move forward and get a place of our own. Our relationship was pretty toxic, but we endured for years and became dependent on each other. Both of us had cheated on one another, not physically, but through texting other people.

About 3 months after moving into our new place, a girl gave me her number through a drivethru. We began talking, and shortly afterwards, for the first time in my life, I truly betrayed my long time girlfriend rather than just talking through text. I’ll come clean now, because the guilt I feel now is maddening! 

My ex came home to me with another girl. She threatened me to leave her…and I asked to be friends with the girl instead. Things got progressively worse. My ex called the girls job and filed a complaint. It was at this point that I broke up with my girlfriend after 8 years, explaining that going after the other girl wasn’t fair when this was technically my fault. 

I was delusional. I asked about an open relationship. Suggested a threesome, and it was absolutely clear that my ex of 8 years would never be okay with that. I honestly don’t even know what had gotten into me. I betrayed her so badly, that I’ll never ever act that way again in my whole life. Time went by, and after we were broken up (but still living together) for about a month, my ex started to move on.  I thought I wanted to experience sex with another woman.

After a month of turmoil, I finally got my screwed up wish. The girl I cheated with was 19…my ex was 31…and I was 30. I now understand the pain this must’ve caused. Me and this other girl continued fooling around for months. Things happened that even traumatize me at this point. My ex came home to me naked in bed after I woke up in a frenzy with the new girl I was messing around with and I tried to hide her in my closet nude. My ex opened the closet, handed the girl a robe by some miracle and stormed out of the house. The guilt I feel about this moment is like ptsd…it haunts me. I began dating this new girl, she was absolutely obsessed with me, and my ex found a new man (all whilst we continued living together). 

Now that I’ve confessed my atrocious sins, I cannot pretend that my ex was only a victim in this situation. You see, my ex has told me for years that “I’m not what she wanted”, “I only dated you because I felt sorry for you”, “I wish you had muscles”, “I wish you had better teeth”, just to mention a couple of things she’s said to me over the years. For the last 3 years of me and my ex’s relationship, she wouldn’t sleep in the same bed with me…a punishment she had given me because I was texting another woman sexually. She had also broke the news abruptly that she cheated on me physically with another man on 2 separate occasions…months before ever mentioning it. I bit my tongue, and just accepted that and forced myself to forgive her.  

When we moved into the new house and I began seeing this new girl. She stalked the new girl, sending me texts of her vehicle from her house. She showed up one night at the new girls parents house, and lied that she was pregnant with my child. When the girl from the drivethru invited me over to her parents that night, her mother literally got a shotgun and pointed it at me and asked if I had cheated on her daughter! One night, after me and my ex had an argument, she literally snapped. She punched me in the head, grabbed me by the throat and attempted to strangle me. I couldn’t even make a noise! I frantically struggled to reach my phone, to call the police, all whilst desperately begging my ex to let go…when you’re being strangled, you can’t even scream…you can only let out hoarse groans for mercy. By some miracle, she let me go finally, and I sprinted out the door to call the police. This was the second call I had had to make over a dispute with her. Prior to this, she had thrown away a bunch of my belongings and they were also called for this a few months earlier. When the police arrived, they took photos of my injuries, she put on a show for them and began crying. The police told me, I needed to leave my home and stay somewhere else for the night, urged me to file a restraining order, and said either we could both go to jail, or I could leave my property for the night. They also threatened that next time they got a call, someone was going to be taken to jail. It was at this point I realized…I could practically call the police with a knife in my chest, and my ex could still somehow convince the police it was my fault. Instead of filing a restraining order, I left and called her from my mothers house to plead with her. I still loved her…even after all this. She asked why I called the police, and for the first time in months we had a heartfelt conversation over the phone, just hours after she had nearly strangled me to death. I went to work the next day with scratch marks all over my face, they immediate knew what had happened.

She began having a new man over at the house, even whilst I was there…locking herself in the room with him. I was ridiculously uncomfortable with this. I began dating the girl I had met and she started doing the same thing. We lived together, but we dated other people, and I’m sure both of us could not stand the thought of other lovers in the same house. She would frequently tell me to leave the girl I had began dating, and I’d frequently tell her I would, if she’d leave the new man as well. Eventually, I broke up with her to try and somehow patch things up with my ex. I was denied another chance. About a month later I gave up hope, and patched things up with my 19 year old girlfriend. Things continued on for a while, and again, I broke up with her directly in front of my ex and her new boyfriend, in hopes that she’d truly realize I chose her in the end, even through all the toxicity that we had brought upon our household. She again denied me, and even told me “give her a chance, she’s fought through all this for you, I’m not coming back”. I was devastated…literally crying like never before. This whole situation was not supposed to end this way. I had thought that after these mistakes were made, if my ex truly loved me, we’d finally stop this selfish list fueled lifestyle and begin to settle down. After 8 years…marriage was likely the next option, and maybe once we realized other people weren’t the answer, we could truly find a new strength between us and a new love with true commitment, instead of wicked games.

It doesn’t end there however. My ex decided to move out. She has come and gone frequently to retrieve her belongings. She wanted her name off the house (something very difficult to make happen). I’ve repeatedly complied with her…offering to help pay any any fees associated with getting her name off of the property. My new girlfriend has constantly been over at the house, and it drives my ex crazy. Some days she’ll want her name off the property, other days, she will threaten to keep it on the property so that she can come in and steal things from me. My new girlfriend began to show her immaturity issues…and it’s too much for me to handle. I’ve struggled with missing my ex…whilst faking a smile with my new woman for far too long. At the age of 19, she never knew the trouble that splitting up 2 30 year old homeowners would cause. She can’t handle this situation like an adult and it’s become impossible for her to be mentally stable. Strangely enough, my ex still answers my calls, and even calls me when I don’t call her for a few days. The first words out of her mouth every time are “did you leave that little whore yet?!”, “Are you still a fucking sicko?!”…etc. For some reason, I wanted to believe that somehow, maybe she still wants things to work out. She’s repeatedly told me to get rid of the girl I ruined her life with, and out of guilt, I’ve admittedly taken too long to do so. I’ve also been afraid it’s just another game…considering I’ve left this poor young girl twice already…and neither time made any difference.

Two days ago, my world came crashing down. My ex came into the house and called me while I was driving around for work. “Get rid of that bitch now, or your life is going to be a lot harder”, she said to me. I didn’t even know what she meant, but we argued about her selling the house for a while before I arrived back at work and told her we’d have to talk later. When I got home, my beloved cat was missing. His food bowls, his litter box, and he himself were taken. She had cleaned the house…and taken the only thing that I truly still have in this world. I have no children…but my mother calls my cat her grandbaby. My sister adores him as well. In all of this, if I didn’t have anyone at all, I have him. He means more to me than anything. He was practically my child and my mothers gift to me and her when we were still dating. I am utterly crushed! I immediately sprung into action and called the police…my mother cannot find his papers…and my ex claims to have the micro chip in her name. She has a vet bill in her name as well, whilst, I truly cannot find any proof that he is mine, other than my mother gifting him to me and her about 7 years ago. I finally caved in…I left my current girlfriend at the request of my ex, devastating her as she begged me not to hang up the phone over and over. My reasoning was true however, me and my new girlfriend would never be happy as long as my ex was constantly stalking us and trying to ruin everything. I asked her to at least give me time to sort my life out and figure out how this house situation can be solved, and she was nonetheless devastated. I called my ex hundreds of times, and she won’t answer. I called her mom even, and she won’t answer. I literally messaged them both saying “take the house, sell it, do whatever needs to be done, just give me my cat back!”.  After all this, the one thing I had overlooked was my cat…my best friend when no one else was. My ex took the papers for my house, the cats papers, and any and every single document that ties me to ownership of practically any of my property. She has literally taken everything. I have no hope anymore…I’m alone and severely traumatized. This mess, has spiraled beyond any hope. 

I cannot get a restraining order, because I feel like she might bring back my cat while I’m at work and return him to the house, since I did truly give her what she asked for. Afterwards, I’d be glad to get as far away from this woman as possible. I’d lose the house over it even. I severely traumatized my ex…and even still wish somehow it didn’t go this far…but she won’t let go, and instead wants to control my life from a distance. I wanted to fix things for so long with her but she’s refused, yet still wants to continuously make me suffer. How do I escape this literal hell on earth?!!!