Should I go back to my home country and lose my dream job?
Hi

A bit of background: I'm 25(M), originally from an eastern european country, moved to the UK for uni. Graduated about a year ago and have been working at my dream job for almost 1 year

I've been struggling with my mental health for the past 2 years, basically life started going downhill a few months before the pandemic started. I guess the simplest way to explain why is that I've been very lonely all this time. I've gradually lost touch with most friends i've made in uni - as a result of me having to move to a very remote part of the uk for my job, of the whole pandemic thing happening and of me being depressed and finding it harder and harder to socialise. Since I've started this job, I haven't really made any new friends (it's in a remote part of the uk, so there's probably less than 20 people my age in a 50km radius; it's also in engineering - so most of us (including me) have 0 social skills). I still have some friends back home, but since I've left about (5-6 years ago), i'm more of a guest in their lives than a close friend. I go back home every 4-5 months (usually for about 1 week) and I see them once or twice, but apart from that we dont really keep in touch when I'm the in uk. There's also a girl in that group I used to be really close friends with for a long time. Unfortunately I caught feelings and they weren't mutual so we (amicably) decided to keep a distance between us. I'm still not over her and seeing her hurts me.

Now onto what advice I need: I dont know what to do next and I feel stuck, hopeless. 

One option is to stay in the UK - keep my dream job, but accept the fact I will be lonely for the forseable future. I've tried meeting people, but as I've said above, there's very few people my age around. The village is also not very immigrant friendly (you get very weird looks when people hear your accent and sometimes a 'brexit means brexit' joke). The place is a bit of a shit hole, and slightly dodgy - I literally had to take a break from writing this to open the door for 2 policemen looking for my next door neighbour. 

Option 2 is to go back home - I will lose my dream job and will not be able to work in anything even remotely related as most companies that do this are UK based. But I will have a few friends - this wouldnt help me get over that girl but at least I could meet other people there.

I dont know what to do. I went home for 1 week about 2 weeks ago and I felt just as bad there as I feel here, just for different reasons. I hate both options equally, but for different reasons. Either way, I cant see myself being happy 6 months from now, or even 1 year from now and this is killing me. I probably need to vent more than I need advice but I'm hoping some of you will help me see this from a different perspective. Thanks