I feel like this girl is stopping me from becoming the person I want to be.
I recently made a reddit post about wanting to become a better person, as it's generally what I'm trying to do, and even though I have all these things I need to become who I want to be (workout, Revise) I feel like this certain girl is preventing me from taking that next step forwards.

 Me and this girl have known one another for about 4 soon to be 5 years now. We've had a confusing relationship, sometimes we'd fight, sometimes we'd flirt and it's all been a bit crazy, There was a weird phase where we both liked one another in a romantic way, we talked about it, stopped talking for a while, and then never talked about it again. Recently this girl was manipulated by another guy, this guy made her believe this and that but the girl liked it, she didn't realise she was being manipulated, she'd smile and honestly, have fun with this guy (who was head over heels for this girl, the feeling was not mutual) I saw that the girl was happy so I thought to just leave her, despite what was happening I thought that everything was done between me and her. 

After that time where she was happy and I was at a low in my life, she came out to me and talked about how she was being manipulated and that she finally realised and didn't want it. She told me all these details and I finally took action and took the girl out of it. In the time of this girl and manipulator, they often bullied me as I was once part of their friend group as well, I left it seeing how toxic it was getting. They bullied me nonstop, I just ignored it as I had more things to worry about.

 I feel as if I'm about to start a rant so I'm just going to skip to the point. 

Me and this girl went to an amusement park shortly after we rebuilt our friendship (like a week) at first it was a group of friends but we got separated at the park due to our excitement. That left me and this girl alone in the rain. We had a LOT of fun, we did so much together in the rain and it was pretty wholesome, when we re-joined with our friends they kept shipping us and we both just didn't say anything about it until the girl said "I have a boyfriend" This hit me pretty deep as I just did so much with this girl and started to catch feelings. Out of the awkwardness I said that I have a girlfriend (I did not) Ever since that I've had weird feelings for this girl ranging from "She's got a boyfriend let her be" to "I'm gonna win her over" it's felt like everything I've been doing is because of her and I'm always trying to hang out with her and when I do get the chance, it's so much fun. Like my heart forgets about everything. But she has a boyfriend. I want to focus on myself, let her be and make myself a better person, but out of nowhere I just think of her, messaging her, seeing if she replied, when she was last online. This person definitely does not care about me as much as I do her. The red flags are visible to me but I just for some reason can't get myself to get over her and focus on my goal which is making myself a better person, not win this girl over.

To recap, I think I'm in love with a girl who has a boyfriend and the love I have for her is causing me to refrain from focusing on becoming a better person. What should I do ? I skipped out a major bunch of info and just kept the information which was needed to make sense as I didn't want this post to be some Uni essay so feel free to DM me about more info if you would like, please just tell me what to do. I don't know what my next step should be, I don't know how to handle this.

Thank you for taking your time to read this.