My father keeps asking for money and I don't know what to do
I am part of a family of 5 (father, mother, two sisters and I). We live in Brazil and my father is a freelancer, so there are months that his income is big and others with a low income. I work as an intern in a multinational company and receive a salary of R$2,000. One of my sisters is a college student and doesn't work, my other sister just started a job as a teacher and earns the same as I do, and my mother is a housewife.

My father is financially irresponsible and always spend much more than he earns. Some years ago he asked for a lot of bank loans that hopefully right now are all paid. We, as a family, agreed that we would never ask for a loan again. The problem now is that since he can't ask for a loan in the bank, he is now asking me for the money.

I don't see any problem in helping my family with a part of my salary, when I started working I sent my father R$500 every month. However, my father has a credit card with a R$3,000 limit that he is always using in full and right now his income as a freelancer is really low, in November he earned only R$1,000.

For the last two months (October and November) he asked R$2,000 for me each month (basically, my whole salary) to cover the bills of that credit card. As I have some money saved, I sent the money to him because I knew that if I didn't he would secretly ask for a loan.

Now, in December, he has asked me R$3,000. I have this amount saved, but I am afraid that I am going to use all my savings with this and be out money soon. He also knows that in January I will have to move to another city (an expensive one, by the way) because of work, but he is still asking for money.

My sister that is a student has some money saved because our auntie send her some to use in college, but I don't want to ask her to help because she doesn't have an income yet. My other sister that just started working as a teacher is not saving money, all I see is that she is buying clothes for parties, expensive stationary items (her obsession), and zero worried about our financial situation. Recently I had to pay a bill for her and she told me she could only pay me back when she received her paycheck (in other words, she is spending all that she earns).

I feel like I am all alone trying to solve our financial situation and that my father will keep asking for money forever, I won't be able so save any money and he will soon get into another loan that he can't pay.

The expenses in that credit card are mostly for groceries, electricity, gas, and water bills. But recently he also went to an ophthalmologist to get new glasses that cost R$1,000. So there are essential bills and other things that he buys even after knowing he doesn't have money to pay.

How should I deal with this situation? My savings are getting low now, I will have to move to another city and I am afraid of him getting loans that he can't pay if I don't give him money.