I’m scared my best friend may end their life soon.
My best friend of almost 12 years has been depressed severely for the past 4 years of their life. I’m very worried about them, and I want to give some context 1st. We’ve always lived in the same area but about 2.5 years ago they were forced to move states with their family due to some issues they were having. I know their family very well as we originally met through our parents. Their family have a lot of issues and it’s a very unstable environment. With that said, they’ve been alone in another state with no friends other than the ones on social media for the last 2.5 years. I regularly call on the phone with them, almost everyday. I even introduced them to my other friends so now they have other people to talk to with me and we’ve created a great friend group. I’ve always known about their depression and tried to help out but they are very selective about sharing their feelings. Despite that, they’ve ALWAYS been there for me and helped me out of some really rough situations and I am forever I’m their debt. They’ve always been so good at helping others. Going back to their family, they do not understand their depression and the symptoms that come with it. Because of this, they experience daily torment from their family about how they look due to the inability to be hygienic and leave the house. They haven’t been able to be “productive” like have a job or even finish high school. Not that I feel it’s important for them to contribute to society in that way, their family seems to care quite a lot. Last night was the worst I had ever seen them. Like I said they’re usually very put together around me but they were pushed to the edge by their family. They were on the phone to me and very distraught. In the situation they’re in they’re unable to get any proper help and they’ve recently started meds and a mental health plan but they have to come home to a negative environment. They were crying, alarming to me because I’d never seen them like that. They kept saying they were scared about what they may do. I felt so helpless, I stayed on the phone to them to help them through it, suggested them to cuddle their cat. It seemed to help and they calmed down. We then played some fun games and browse clothing. I’m just worried that there’s nothing I can do, as long as they are living with their family they will not get better. But how can someone so depressed possibly find the motivation to pack up leave with no where to go. I have no idea how to help. Can someone tell me what I can do.