Need some advice, struggling with an overwhelming situation right now.
I apologize ahead of time for any formatting issues, I am on mobile.

Currently I’m a 22(M) living with my girlfriend 21(F) and I’ve hit a bit of a rough patch in overall life. I’m currently enrolled in university, and I’m a fifth year student as a computer engineering technology student. I’ve switched majors twice now, and I’m doing so have pushed back any hope of graduation for close to two years now. The issue with uni is that I’m currently struggling with PTSD, major depressive disorder, as well as severe anxiety. Thankfully for that, I’m currently seeing a psychiatrist, but this last year I’ve been constantly working on finding the correct cocktail of drugs to help return to neuronormative capabilities. 

That adds to the stress because, I’m struggling with being able to function, and any discipline I had is gone, motivation is long gone, and I’m also working an internship that requires my enrollment in school. Due to how long I’ve been struggling, (failing calc I once, and failing calc II three times) I am feeling like a break may be warranted to focus on getting this med change in order, and being able to mentally reset. My overall efficacy has nose dived since Covid hit, and I went from a 3.0-3.5 student to a 2.0 student maybe.

Today brought about the biggest change of all, when I sat down to discuss the future of my internship with my boss. Which concluded with him telling that the amount of time I’ve been spending at work doesn’t add up to the low amount of output, and that essentially if I’m not I’m school I will be let go.

I’m waiting to hear back from the big boss who ultimately has final say. And all I can think is it’s pretty grim. Part of all this pressure culminating is further exacerbated by the fact that in trying to find the right set of meds, my anxiety has sky rocketed and I find myself being so restless that I’m lucky to get maybe a couple of hours of sleep a night. 

Furthermore while I’m not truly suicidal, my depression has formed very strong opinions that are difficult to continue to fight every day. I want to live, and that keeps me here each day.

I’m at a loss really, because I don’t feel like I have the strength to finish school at this juncture, and I find it nearly impossible to find a comparable job that would hire me due to not having a degree.

Any advice would be helpful, and guidance, because I’m really lost. Money is tight. And I feel like if I can’t find a similar paying job, I won’t be able to support my half of our current expenditures. (Rent, internet, utils) 

Thankfully my parents are both incredibly understanding with mental health so that’s one less worry right now. But they definitely don’t have the money to also support myself and my girlfriend, and I don’t want to put that on them.

I apologize for the length of the post, and genuinely thank you for anyone who has read this far.