Kids have it harder tha you think
This generation  has it much harder. Alot of people will disagree but it is true, because of parents telling their kids to shake it off if something happened. Kids never really open up anymorr and if they do its mainly because they are forced by their parents to anwser them if the parents figure something is going on with the child so they have to lie because every time they had a smaller problem their parents would tell them to "walk it off"the older kids in this new generation have alot of stress and emotinal baggage.
Also many people dont know this but kids often think that they are not good enough or worthless etc. It is sad to say that some kids everyday think to themselves "i got a 3/C on my exam im such a worthless piece of s###, why cant i do anything right, why cant i just die, why cant i just do something to improve" for example today the day i posted this i turned 13 i really looked forward to playing games but wouldnt you know last couple of weeks i barely slept 3 hours per night i couldnt sleep i had so many tests coming up and now its my birthday on 28 of November and when i woke up i had to do chores then i went to my grandmas for lunch sound great right? No. I came home at 3 pm now it is almost 11 still studying 50 pages and guess what then 9 have English then maths then history then geography the croatian the IT. Kids in this generation have to much i mean  WHAT THE FUCK we are ages from 13 to 18 and we have 20 test in 3 weeks if get 3 As or on 3 exams u get the best grade your parents might send a text saying good job but then we come home and they say "okay now go study for the next exam also you got a C on your exam." And look at us with disappointment in their eyes LIKE WHAT THE HELL for my parents if i get 12 As and 3 Cs theyle say wow im so proud in a sarcastic voice basically it would be better if they said your a failure. Kids have so much that they cant open up about because they are taught to not open up and when people tell them that they are there if they need to talk. Most kids will say no im fine even if they get bullied even if they sometimes even think of taking their own life or other things. People will comme to this and im betting that there will be 1 comment that wil say yea but your a kid what do you know.
I know alot i know that this life is ruthless i also know that you cant succeed on your own you need friends family to support you and if you dont have that then what do you have...?