Times are rough, but you don't have to go through them alone.
It's that time of the year where alot of folks end up feeling alone, or upset and I just wanted to let you know that you are NEVER alone. If anything, this community is full of good people who are more than willing to listen and be there for you myself included. But, just in case nobody seems to respond or acknowledge your existence, rest easy as you have a friend here. 

I am also going through a rough patch, dealing with a couple of stuff. I've always been the type to keep to myself, but honestly I get tired of being alone. So if you are too, I know what you're going through and how you're feeling. 

Which is why, I'd like to offer my ear, shoulder, and my time for anyone that needs to talk, vent, or just wants to have a friend whom you can talk to about anything with, if you just wanna text, watch something together or even play a game I'm here!

I guess what I'm trying to say is I miss having friends. I kinda forgot about that idea and I understand if you don't wanna make it permanent and just wanna talk while you fall asleep or talk when you are bored. I'm here. 

I won't promise you to take your pain away, I won't promise you that it won't hurt. But, I do know that things will get better. I also know that I will be here with you until you get strong and we will go through it together, as friends. 

Well, this is all I wanted to say. You are beautiful, you are NOT the ugly names that people call you, you are loved, you are not alone, and I believe that you are here for a purpose! So chin up, pick yourself up, and move forward. This is all we can do for now. But, two is better than one.. 😼

Well, message me if you'd like to talk or if you'd like to make a new friend, if possible even a best friend. I have discord, I play on Switch, playstation 4, if you wanna talk, someone to game with, and we can also watch something together if you'd like. Thank you for  reading up to here. I hope to hear from you soon and PLEASE stay safe. Love you all amazing people, never stop being amazing.