I feel like I’m drowning in loneliness
I’ve never posted on here before… but I need to get this out, even if nobody ever reads it. 

I’m 29. I have two absent parents, a father who is a narcissist and has at least 15 kids with 5 different women and a mother who is a nice woman, but I can only describe as completely emotionally inept and who I genuinely believe doesn’t love me and didn’t connect with me as a baby. I’ve triEd so hard to tell both parents how I feel, but neither change. In general, I don’t get on well with my siblings at all as we all have so much trauma from our childhoods and were pretty much raised hating each other. 

I don’t have this core unconditional love or support system that a family is supposed to provide. I am also single and have been for 4 years now. All of my relationships have been with men who have walked all over me - cheated, stolen, and been emotionally or physically abusive. And I have noticed a terrible pattern with myself in relationships, that I can NEVER break up with them or walk away, no matter how unhappy I am or how toxic it is. Of course, this makes them respect me even less, and eventually they break up with me, leaving me feeling even more abandoned and worthless. 

I have a few separate friends, but no close best friends. I feel like I’m always the side character/ supporting role rather than a main character. I feel like I’m here for everyone but no one is here for me. 

The reason I am writing today is because I feel painfully lonely. I have always felt alone, even as a teenager, and I am sick to death of watching everyone else living happy lives with lovely family’s and healthy relationships and not having that for myself. 

I haven’t been on a date for 4 years because I am petrified of being hurt again, but as time goes on I am so scared of spending the rest of my life alone. I know it may seem unlikely, but my mum and dad spilt when she was in her early 30s and she never dated another man again and will now die alone. I don’t want that to be me. I haven’t even had children yet. 

I can’t convince myself to go on dates because I just can’t imagine why anyone would want to be with me. Deep down, I’m scared that I might be a horrible person. I always attracted men before based on my looks, and I kept them because I’m a door mat who mothers them, cooks, and cleans. I feel like none of my boyfriends loved me for me, they loved how easy I made life for them and what I provided.  I’m not a sexual person and it’s only got worse as I get older, and it feels like this big dark secret that they all eventually find out and then they cheat on me and eventually leave. And the older I get the less attractive I am, so I have even less to offer.

The loneliness is actually physically painful. I can go a full week without talking to any other human other than by text. I try to reach out to friends and tell people who I feel but I suspect they think I’m dramatic, and they can’t understand how hard it really is to be fully alone.

I don’t see a point in life without family and love, but I am scared I will never get these things, and deep down, I’m angry that I don’t have them. I’m bitter. I’m jealous of all of my friends and their parents who love them and their partners who support them. I’m too much of a coward to kill myself, but if I could go to sleep and not wake up I would. If I died, it would take months before anyone noticed because I live alone and I’m self employed. 

I’m very self aware and analytical so I don’t think therapy can give me any answers. And also, therapy won’t make my life any less shit or lonely.