One of my worst days in a while.
tw/ dysphoria tw/ depression tw/ anxiety tw/ mental illness

Hi. This is my first post on this subreddit, having only just joined after having one of the worst mental health days I've had in a long time, but I just need to vent. I'm perpetually lonely and feel like my love life is on this ticking clock that's going to run out (or already has), and I don't know how to fix it.

I'm currently 20 (almost 21), and am bi, non-binary (they/she pronouns please!) and have two neurodivergencies, whilst struggling with mental illness. To add, I'm also plus size, with hormone issues meaning that I am quite a masculine-bodied person with facial hair etc. In terms of my past dating history, I haven't had a relationship in almost four and a half years, and all of the information that I mentioned above I think contributes to that and makes me feel not only isolated romantically but isolated in my experiences.

It's not my fault, because I am the way that I am, but I personally feel that society only accepts certain types of people/bodies as attractive, and with so many hurdles to overcome, dating is not only unsuccessful (I've been on multiple dates since that relationship) but daunting. I've used dating apps and also met people through mutual friends etc, but if I do get talking to someone they just leave after one or two dates (or after weeks of talking and no meet up) and then nothing comes of it, making me feel more lonely. It's hard to 'get back on the horse' again every time something doesn't work out when it takes so much for me to build myself up to get out there in the first place. With all of my quirks, (and having received comments about, for example my body hair, from past dates) it makes me feel like I am an undesirable mix of qualities of a person and not good enough.

I also understand that I'm quite young still and that I shouldn't need to worry about being in relationships, and instead focus on having fun. I agree with that, and I have a pretty fulfilling life outside of romance, but when things fall apart I wish I had a partner there to prop me up. *(Just to clarify, this is not the reason I want a relationship. I want companionship and to share my life with someone, I believe I have a hell of a lot of love to give. I've been trying to work on myself mentally and emotionally for a while, and I would give them the same support when they're having a rough time. I don't think I'd be the first to say that there's merit in having a partner there to help you when you're down, and that there's certain roles that family/friends/partners each can fill separately).* I live between university and home (mainly university currently) and I'm supported well in both households, but there's only so much friends and family members can do. Two of my housemates are in relationships and their partners live with us, and I love that they have their partners here to support them when they have their down days, but I can't help feeling sad when I can't get the same.

On top of all this, I'm only just starting my journey as a non-binary person, and I don't know if I'd feel comfortable enough to date without transitioning more as I can get quite dysphoric - which I'm afraid would make me uncomfortable with physical affection etc. Not presenting the way that I want to also means I don't feel comfortable in my body, which also affects my confidence and probably my dating success. I'm also struggling a bit with anxiety and depression recently, and I wouldn't want to get in a relationship and then not be able to give my all because of it, when I can just about keep up with my life as it is. 

I guess what I'm trying to say is that I don't know where to go from here. I have my down days and my good days, but recently it seems that my days are more down than good. Any changes I feel I need to make for myself would be long term, and I am just generally uncomfortable and lonely. I feel as though the older I get the more I may get used to feeling this way and may never find anyone (even though I really want to) and may end up just believing that that's the way it has to be. If anyone relates, has any words of encouragement or constructive advice, that would be amazing.

Thank you for reading.