I don't want to be selfish. I don't want to be selfless. I just want some attention.
Yes, this is a shameless repost because I want attention. I want someone in this fucking world other than me to know that I'm in pain. I'm selfish and I'm a horrible human being. Kill me. 

As a preface, I would like to say that yes, nobody is obliged to give anyone attention. Everyone has their own problems and this game of hidden truths and lies is the worst. I am also medicated and in therapy and I would NEVER ask for anyone to treat their friend like a therapist. A friend can console but not treat. 

I had one of my worst mental breakdowns today. It started with something simple and then I started thinking of all my other problems and things just... Nosedived into oblivion.

I have a chronic health condition that causes me pain, fatigue and an assortment of other things. Multiple doctors have been visited, tests have been done, my due diligence is done. At this point, I just want a peaceful life

But the pain, it hurts so fucking much. I want a hug. I want a friend. Why is that such a big deal?

I'm not saying that I want a friendship that revolves around me, I just want a close best friend, who I can come to once a month or something and cry and hug and have them pat my back. Tell them the things I can't talk to anyone else about. I want company. I want to feel like I'm not alone. I want someone to hold my hand, squeeze it and tell me that they're here for me.

I know I'm selfish. So selfish that this is a pipe dream. But why does it have to be so dammit. Why do I have to be in pain all the time. Why do I have to throw up every time I eat at the whims of my body. I've exercised, done yoga, meditation, martial arts, tried every form of alternative medicine in ADDITION to normal medication of various kinds. I've done my best in therapy. I make notes and perform the techniques as strict homework. 

I've tried so hard. Leeching every last drop of energy and will in order to become normal. 

And yet, I'm still here. Broken and battered, with all I want to do is drink enough that I pass out on my chair, never to wake up again.