I feel like I had enough.
I really fucking had enough of this shit. My head, my heart can't take it anymore. I don't want to try killing myself again. But once again, I fucking feel like doing it.

I have absolutely no one to whom I could tell all of this. This is why I choose to type this shit out here. Sometimes strangers give the best support, I guess. Lol.

Long story short, I had my precious, extremely lovable gf. I loved her SOO much, and I still do till this day. But we broke up. This happened ≈7 months ago. Sure, I couldn't fucking accept it. I even tried killing myself (I know that it's stupid, don't give me this crap). But as time passed, I tried a lot of different jobs and I kinda started forgeting her. I even thought that I'm ready for a new relationship, was about to create a proper Tinder profile and find my new, sweet love, to whom I could give my all. But as I got this idea, I felt that I have some feelings for her. Previously, I had her blocked on all social accounts, so that I wouldn't decide doing anything stupid, like trying to contact her again. But I decided, hey, why not to say sorry? I felt guilty, because I wasn't the best boyfriend at the time, well, to be more specific, the last 6 months of our relationship (the length of our relationship was about 3 years). I got really depressed back then, everything was wrong with me. But I felt like I changed a lot. Like I became a much better person. So I thought, why I'm keeping her blocked? There's no reason. I should start my new love journey by forgiving myself for my past mistakes. I can't have this shit in my head when trying to date someone else, right? And so I unblocked her only on reddit, because I noticed she wasn't very active here. I typed out my feelings and how sorry I was to fuck up what beautiful thing we had together. I was simply hoping that she wouldn't reply, because I was doing this for myself, as a way to move on.

But that was HUGE mistake. Not only she did reply, but she offered to meet up and talk about stuff. At first, I was extremely shocked and scared. What if I still love her? Hm, can't be. Sure, let's meet up, I have nothing to lose, right? Turns out I had SOMETHING to lose.

When we met up, we talked about our lives, how things went after the break up. I was kinda happy to see that she didn't change much. Sure, she started smoking and drinking, but I guess that's what she wants right now. Can't judge. As we talked and joked like good ol' days, I started to realize. Damn. I still have some feelings left for her. Hmmmmmmm, maybe I should ask how she feels about me? UUUUU, turns out she kinda likes me, but she probably won't be able to date me again. At first, I was okay with that. I really need friends, why not have one extra?

We spent whole ass day walking, driving and just talking in my car (weather was pretty shitty). I was kinda unhappy to realize that I still kinda love her, but at this time I thought, that this is nothing. I can still be friends with her and date someone, I will manage, right right. Then I told her that I will be going drinking with my friends. She wanted to join. Sure, why not?

So, we went there, to drink and have some fun time. Everything was going nicely, everyone was having lots of fun playing board and Xbox games. But when my ex gf got drunker and drunker, she became hornier and hornier. My god, she was so fucking sexy. I can't erase that lust in her eyes from my memory. It's something you see extremely rarely. We were getting all lovey dovey, huggy wuggy, we even kissed when we went outside for a smoke. At the time I was drunk, she was too, so I thought nothing about it. I still knew I won't get a second chance, which made me pretty sad, but I thought whatever, I will get over it.

Then it was time to go home. We had enough of fun, it was getting pretty late and we were running low on alcohol. So, she called herself an taxi and it was here in 2 minutes. Sweet, that's fucking quick. Before she got in, she whispered to my ears "please text me". Okay, sure. I came back home, texted her goodnight and tried falling asleep.

Wow, would you believe that, IT'S TODAY! And I woke up fucking excited. In my simple mind, I thought that I have A FUCKING CHANCE, HELL YEAH BABY. I mean, why would she be so horny around me? And I couldn't be more fucking wrong. She still only wants me as a friend, bcs I know a ton about her, and so she does about me. This time this convo was happening via text and since I know her pretty well, at some point I remembered that she's most likely to say the truth when texting. I get it, it's much easier that way, you don't need to see someone getting hurt, so you can spill it out. She told that she will, MOST LIKELY, never date me again. And she was only horny because I'm the only one she feels attracted to physically. She couldn't enjoy sex with any of her ex'es after our break up. Yet there's still no chance I could have sex with her, anyways, so I didn't really care about that. I kinda just took it as compliment. And then it hit me.

It hit me SOOOOOO BAD. Only now I realized the magnitude of feelings I had left or gained during that night, while drunk. I realized I can't take it. I can't take seeing her with another man. I still really want her as a friend, but my feelings are too strong. So that won't be happening. I'm not going thru ordeal of emotions just for her. I have to try loving myself, right? So I made a decision. I decided not to text or meet up with her. I simply can't take it, I'd rather have nothing at this point.

But I didn't realize how badly this would hurt. I feel much emptier than I felt when we broke up. Like someone drained my heart, it grew back up and now it was thorn away with force. I want to fucking end my life once again. I actually lack words to express my pain, but maybe someone will get it.

So that's my long-ass story. I hope someone will see this. If you read thru this shit, I hope that it was at least interesting to read. If you are going/went through similar crap, text me. Let's suffer together, lol. 

With love,
shrugshroom