I feel like my life is crumbling apart, everybody knows!
My gf knows, my friends know, my family knows. Everybody knows and it's not even been confirmed yet that I have NPD.

Basically a therapist told me that I have A LOT of narcissistic stakes in my life and when I asked her why she's saying that she said if you look at the description of narcissist it's not pretty but for you it's okay it's fine but don't get scared by what you will read. She then pushed me out of therapy.

Time passed a bit and then I told my girl friend and everybody ended up knowing about it. Her mother, her dad, her dad's wife, my friends, they are all aware of it now.

Maybe it's for the better but man, I am so anxious I feel like puking out of stress, literally. My friends has stopped talking to me, well they stopped since they ended up knowing or maybe they are just busy, I don't know, but I'm paranoid as fuck.  I feel like her mother told all of her sisters, and that my few friends that know told all of my other friends about it, I feel like my family knew for a while and that maybe it shows in the way I appear to people, maybe I've been oblivious this whole time, maybe I'm just dumb, too dumb to have seen the obvious.

To be fair, I have a lot of narcissistic tendencies, a lot. I am about 90% sure I have NPD, or maybe what she told me is that I DO, and maybe I'm in denial. The anxiety is making me question everything and I don't know, the thought of having to drop the mask terrifies me.

I am on my way, this Thursday to see a new therapist, I didn't want to speak to the previous one because she knew, I wanted to start fresh and the thought of having to see her again makes me physically sick out of stress

My girl friends wants to tell my new one about my condition but she says, for me, for my future, I wanna tell it myself before you start. Is this a good idea? Am I over thinking this? I feel like I wont be comfortable opening up knowing she's been told by my gf...

anyways, I'm confused, anxious to the point of puking, they prescribed me anxiety medications but it doesn't seems to work even though I've never been anxious before. edit: i started 5 days ago, and they told me to wait it takes 2-3 weeks to work

Am I over thinking this? Is the stress of people knowing normal for someone with npd? Should my gf tell my next therapist?

I don't feel like seeing anyone and I wanna isolate myself so bad..