I need a coping mechanism other than just getting high for when my ego is punching me in the face
My ego is so out of whack, when I'm hanging out with my girlfriend while she's talking with friends I feel so fucking anxious. I start getting weird daydreams where I walk in on her cheating on me, I over-analyze everything right down to her laugh, I feel hurt if she calls someone else a nickname that she usually calls me. 

I don't want to feel this way. I just get a tight feeling in my chest like somethings wrong. And then my self esteem drops.

I put on a happy face, laugh with her friends, tell her I'm so happy she found a group that she likes being in. And it's true, I do like that she has a friend group. I'm just struggling with my own unstable ego.

When I get high, my feelings can get hurt pretty easily. So it's easier to shrug things off like "oh I just feel bad bc I'm high, it's probably nothing". But it's not good to get high every time she hangs with friends. Maybe I could try "oh I just feel bad bc I'm a narc, it's probably nothing" lol 

I'm trying to approach of trying to become comfortable with not having control. I don't say much if I feel like a friend crossed a boundary (bc I understand that my boundaries are far too strict and unattainable), I resist the urge to take up her attention, I even act friendly to her friends despite feeling incredibly threatened by them.

I guess in the end, as long as she's happy then I'm happy. And I mean that genuinely. But I should still take care of my mental health, for her sake and mine.

I've already told her my feelings of jealousy. She was so understanding. I was honestly expecting her to be upset with me when I told her how insecure I was, but she really did just hold me while I sat there like the broken man I was - sobbing over something so stupid and small. She was more concerned that I didn't feel comfortable telling her sooner. She's great, she honestly deserves the best of friends she can get. Now that I've told her, I need to do my part and actually try to resist the jealousy.

Okay even after typing this out, I'm feeling a little better.

**TL;DR:** if anyone has some coping mechanisms and distractions for when my ego is making me act like a little bitch, that would be great! I'd appreciate it a lot. Coping mechanisms surrounding ACT (acceptance &amp; comittment therapy) seem to help a little bit for me.