I hate that I lost my uni experience to trauma
I’ll never get it back. I’ll never be able to have that experience again but in a different way. I’m stuck having to create a new path for myself while looking back and wishing I was doing that instead. 

I studied art at uni, I went to an art school, I had art tutors and was surrounded by people that loved art just as much as me. It just so happened that all of this would be the way I met my rapist. That is how 2 weeks into my uni experience, I was raped by a student representative. I hate so much that everything was tainted and fell apart so quickly. I ended up dropping out after managing to push myself through a year of it because it all got too much for me. Now I’m 22 and it feels like even if I ever go back, I’m never gonna have that experience. The experience where you go the pub with your course mates after a full day in the studio, you go around to someone’s flat and they cook something really poorly, working with people on a project, staying in the library late with friends because you have an assignment due tomorrow at 9. It feels like if I ever go back, I’ll be that mature student that no one really wants to talk to because “she’s  an adult”, which sounds horrible to say but I know from how I saw others feel about mature students it’ll be the case. No ones ever mean but they sure as hell are isolated. I feel like I’m too socially anxious now to deal with feeling like an outcast when before everything I never cared about how I was perceived or if people liked me, and also I don’t want to be like 22-24 hanging out with 18 year olds, I’m just so upset I lost the years of my life where I could’ve had those experiences. Like I had some, but every little memory feels like it has a bad aftertaste.  

I have great friends now that have been with me through it all, I have an amazing boyfriend who does literally everything so I can try to have a normal life, I have a puppy who attacks me when I’m sad with kisses. I spend my days journaling and being kind to myself as much as possible, but I feel so incomplete because I lost what was such a big part of my identity after only 2 weeks of getting to enjoy it. I’d waited so long for all the things I was excited for about uni and lost them all within seconds. I just don’t know what to do with my life anymore, I feel like I’ve been at a standstill for 2 years. I keep going back and forth on completing my degree online but I know it just won’t be the same. I feel like most parts of my PTSD I’m managing atm, therapy is really helping and like I said I spend a lot of time just taking care of myself, but not only do I feel like I’ve lost my education, I feel like I’ll never be able to integrate myself back into everyday life. How am I meant to do that? Or how do I come to terms with my life being like this forever? I feel worthless when it comes to my place in society and life in general all because of this