ptsd possibly mistaken for autism?
i’m 15 and started experiencing depression/anxiety around 2 years ago. those 2 years were almost all taken up by failed treatment and countless suicide attempts that weren’t taken seriously. things have only gotten worse and my parents are at the point where they really just want to know what’s wrong with me and why i suddenly became like this. the first thing they checked for was autism. during the autism assessments i started to realise that i had been experiencing a lot of the social and sensory traits (shutdowns, meltdowns, struggle communicating, special interests, stimming, social regression) over the past year. the key is that i had only experienced them for a year, and autism is present from toddlerhood and earlier. my parents, psychologists and i pretty quickly accepted that autism was the answer. everything made sense (apart from the absence of any autistic traits in childhood- but i was willing to ignore that idk). and thennnn about 2 weeks ago we got the answer from the assessment that i didn’t have  autism. and that was… well… confusing. so now we’re back to square one and that sucks. my parents and doctors have no idea what it could be if not autism. the full assessment summary thing will be ready in a couple months so hopefully that will at least have some advice on whatever is wrong with me. today tho i started to remember the possibility of ptsd. i had been thinking about it months ago in relation to my fixations on traumatic experience caused by my mental health. and now i’ve been reading about the similarities in ptsd symptoms and autistic traits- i’m starting to think this really could be the answer but i’m anxious to get my hopes up because of the let down of the autism assessment result. it was really comforting to think there was a proper explanation for my struggles and then crushing to find there wasn’t. i’m scared to bring it up with my parents because i don’t think they see ptsd beyond sa and child abuse. the psychiatrist i see at the moment is really understanding and i think i will bring it up with her later this week but i am anxious of whatever assessments i will have to do after that. also some things i have experienced over the past year but i haven’t seen related to ptsd are making me question myself as well. i relate very strongly to to the autistic special interest trait with some quite extreme obsessions of interests, but i haven’t seen special interests listed anywhere that i’ve looked on ptsd symptoms. then there’s also the question of whether or not my experiences caused by my mental health are justifiable for even causing ptsd. i’m not sure about any of this. i’m sorry that this post is just a blob of unstructured venting but idk i’m really unsure and scared. please comment if you have any advice or ideas at all, i would really appreciate it.