Any advice?
A bit of a backstory. 
I grew up in a war zone. I left when I was young but I was old enough to remember everything. Things didnt start to affect me until I was older and realized what I had seen and experienced wasnt normal or ok. I was diagnosed with depression, anxiety, PTSD, all that fun stuff when I was in high school. It took that long to realize the way I reacted and dealt with things was because of the past.

My life has of course changed over the past few years but my mentality has stayed the same. I've been so numb to it all; my brothers getting married, my neice being born, even when we were told my mother has a brain tumor. I feel bad that I dont feel bad. 

I also work in an environment that's very triggering. Even going into it I thought I shouldnt but I didnt care. I've been somewhat fine besides the disassociating and panic attacks, but even when those start to happen, I dont really care. I just muster through it and finish my shift. 

I was reading a poem yesterday that a soldier wrote while he was stationed in my home country. Something about another soldier committing suicide down by a river while he was there and that was the first time I genuinely cried and broke down. He was a soldier, I was meant to be a casualty but we somehow switched places. Do you know what it's like to live your life knowing you're here when you werent meant to be? I've spent my whole life never committing to anything because it felt like it wasnt my place to. No matter where I go, I'll never be able to find a place for myself anymore. But it was so weirdly reassuring to know I can still feel something. 

I havent cared about myself for a long time, probably never, but I'd like to try. My question is does that feeling of being out of place ever go away? I dont want to be numb or sad for the rest of my life. How do you get over the horrible things you've seen and continue to see even though you're not in that environment anymore? Any advice for someone not even trying to put the pieces back together but trying to find the actual pieces? (Sorry for the long post, felt nice to vent.)