Feeling guilty for all the times I’ve been sick And not there for the people I love
My name is matt. I’m 23 years old I’ve suffered from debilitating PTSD my whole life. My mom was a drug attic and an alcoholic and me and my brother were left in some pretty strange situation and it up getting abused and he started abusing me every night for three or four years starting at a really young age. I got addicted to heroin and benzodiazepines when I was about 15. I’m 23 years old now and and in 2017 I came forward with my abuse to my mom and ever since then I’ve been working really hard trying to get better but it’s been a lot of ups and downs.

I’m 11 months sober and I feel amazing I’m doing amazing. Not perfect but I’m doing the best I ever have I still have bad days I still have days I can’t function but all things considered I’m doing really well. Three years ago I started taking care of my grandparents for a living. At the time they didn’t need much help they only needed me about 15 hours a week. This was perfect for me because I have two Felonise and they’re both expunged now but at the time I couldn’t find a job. It also gave me time to get help with my addiction. I went to rehab 10 times in 2 years. My grandfather paid for it and always kept my job when I got back.

I also moved out of m house two years ago to get away from all the drugs and connections I had in the area. I don’t think I would have been able to stay sober without doing that but I had to leave my dog at my moms house as I wasn’t able to take care of her for a long time. She’s doing OK my mom walks her almost every day and on the days she doesn’t I take care of her I see her very often I just love her so much. But I feel like I abandoned her.

Anyway, Over the years they’ve needed more and more help and Im Here at least 20 hours a week often time full time. The last few months my grandfather’s been in the hospital and he ended up passing away on October 29 last month. 

I’m just taken back by how much my grandfather did for me. I’m really grateful he got to see me get healthy and sober the last 10 months but I can’t help but feel so guilty for all the stress I put him through the last few years of his life. I also feel guilty for not being there for him more. Especially when I was addicted as soon as I hit my three hours for the day I was out the door. I would do extra stuff for them and stay longer if they needed me to but I never had a very good attitude about it. The last 10 months when I was sober I had a way better attitude and try to do a lot more for them and I think he really appreciated it. Now that my grandfather is gone I’ve been putting a lot more work for my grandma and trying to be there for her more but it’s been hard. I guess I just feel guilty for all the wasted years for all the times I was too sick to be there for the ones I love for all the things I put my mom through. All the times I put drugs above the people and things I love. I don’t know he just gets to me. Sorry for the long post.