I feel like my PTSD resulted in my wife's infidelity and the eventual collapse of our marriage
I suffered a traumatic injury in August 2019, just months before remodeling our home.  It was a grueling 7 month process where we were displaced at a friends' house, but up through the end of the year we felt like a team.  I went into full spiral 6 months later when the symptoms of my injury hadn't resolved -- by February 2020 I was reclusive, siloed in my own mind, obsessively researching how to fix myself... the first time in our marriage I ever had such a change in character.  In March, my wife presented me with a list of expectations she felt weren't being met... we talked about them and I was up for going to therapy right away, but she told me that I wasn't in the right mental space to handle picking apart our marriage at that time.

She wasn't wrong, but 3 or 4 months later while still in my depression I discovered she was getting her needs met elsewhere through three other men.  It was all emotional infidelity as I was totally unavailable, but still very hurtful. She had a secret folder where she screencapped conversations which she had deleted before I could see it.  Upon discovering this was when I approached her and she blurted out "I've just been really unhappy", and thus began our therapy now with betrayal in the mix.

I now have unending thoughts that my trauma is what led to our eventual divorce... and its made it so much worse.  I loved her so dearly and I keep telling myself that had I not gone to get this unnecessary treatment that injured me, today we'd be happy and enjoying life in our new home.  I'd have been present, happy and able to immediately address any qualms in our marriage.  I'm in this home all alone now, fully remodeled to her spec.   I am now considering selling the home, even though I already put so much money into the remodel... but its a constant reminder of past happy times.

I was in bed from 6pm to 7am today because I just want to escape the very moment I'm not working.  I have no motivation.  I just started taking 5-HTP, L-Theanine and Ashwagandha... doesn't seem to be helping so I'm trying to get an appointment ASAP for meds.  I have Klonopin but don't wish to take it except for extreme episodes.