I need advice, and maybe just the word of some people who may be able to relate. TW: drug use, sexual trauma, suicidal thoughts, SH, police.
I was diagnosed with PTSD shortly after an arrest. Recently, it has gotten to be unbearable. My triggers are unavoidable. Every trigger feels like I’m reliving what happened to me all over again. I feel like my world is ending. It’s a “this is it” feeling, intense, it causes me to tremble and dissociate and it’s terrifying every time. This looming threat of being doomed, like my life is about to end, like it’s about to happen again and there’s no way out, I don’t know what’s going to happen, I don’t know what to do. I don’t feel safe in my own home. I have nightmares, consistently. 

You can skip this part if you want to, but just for some background, while omitting certain details. 

A few years back I woke up to the sound of a narcotics agent knocking on my bedroom door. “Narcotics agent. Step out.”

I was freshly eighteen at the time and those words, coming from a voice I didn’t recognize, were not what I was expecting to hear.

My parents had invited him into the house. He was already inside, and I didn’t even know it. I woke up to it. Needless to say, not the best way to start your morning… you’re supposed to feel safe inside your home. I think that little detail, the fact that he was already in the house, rather than me meeting him outside definitely contributes to the loss of security I feel living here. This is where it happened. And, being on probation, police (the exact thing my PTSD centers around) know my address. They can stop by at any time. That knowledge is so taxing for me.

Few months later, I woke up knowing I’d be arrested. Intuition or something. I remember sitting down to paint to ease my nerves because for whatever reason, I knew that was the day. And I was right. Just as I was finishing up my painting, there’s a knock on the door. Police come inside. They’re relatively polite about it, but let me know they have a warrant for my arrest. They let me call my mother so she can come home, so my sister won’t be left alone in the house, they watch me break down and cry and cling to my mom to say goodbye to her, and tell her to keep her distance as she watches me get taken away in handcuffs. 

Time felt like it was going by so slow. I get to the local jail. I’m stripped of my clothes, searched, told to squat and cough, all that stuff. I have previous sexual trauma and I’m also transgender. So being forced to show my body was a nightmare. They don’t allow me my chest binder, they make me remove my piercings. An officer working in the jail insults me, and throws the clothing and crocs I’m to wear in my face. I’m treated like a dog, and forced to try and hide my chest in other ways, surrounded by women. I was dysphoric, and suicidal the whole time. Not knowing when I would get to go home, all I did was pace, cry, talk to myself. I’m still grateful for the other inmates. They saw I was young, still a kid, they saw I was scared. They comforted me and I remember they even applauded me when I got to go home. It made it easier.

Sometime after I went to the hospital because I relapsed. SH. I had to change into a hospital gown while a nurse watched and I just remember breaking down entirely.  I sobbed, yelled, begged and pleaded for her not to watch. I never felt so helpless and small in my fucking life. I still remember the look on her face once she realized what was happening. She looked like her heart was breaking for me and did eventually offer to hold the gown up while I undressed so she couldn’t see anything. My visceral reaction and the way she handled it is what made it click that what happened fucked me up more than I thought. It wasn’t just crippling anxiety and nightmares. Something inside me broke. Something was wrong and it wasn’t until my PTSD diagnosis that I knew what it was, and that I was right. Every single event surrounding my arrest broke me beyond repair.

Backtracking. By the time of my arrest I’d been sober for months, already doing what I needed to to turn my life around. I got a job, my drivers license, went to get my high school equivalency and graduated with honors. To this day I’m still sober. My probation sentence has been reduced, my PO, the judge, my arresting officer, my lawyer, all hold me in a very high regard. They’re proud of and support me, and trust me. I’m unsupervised now. That’s a difficult relationship to build with authority when you’re a felon but I’ve been trying hard. It feels good. I’m doing better, but then, and this is the important part.

**TL;DR**

A car door shuts outside, I hear a knock on the door, a dog barks, I hear sirens, I pass a police officer on the street, I do something as simple as startling myself awake and I’m back to that helpless terrified state again. It starts all over. Sometimes, a trigger doesn’t even have to happen. Or maybe there’s a trigger I haven’t identified yet. Either way it’s unbearable to live with.

So where do I go from here? Do I talk to my doctor about a Xanax prescription to ward away the panic attacks? How do I even navigate a conversation surrounding me wanting benzos without my doctor immediately being suspicious because of my history? Do I go back to therapy? Is there even any point when I’m literally living, breathing and sleeping in the exact place this all happened? Do I need to get away? What would you do?

Maybe this turned into more of a vent than anything. I don’t know. All I know is that the constant triggers are really exhausting to live with. I’m tired and I don’t want the fear anymore… and I’m sad because I love dogs but I feel like I may never be able to own them again because hearing them bark sets me off. I really wish I knew what to do. 

Is there any kind of therapy that might help…?