My Dad had a serious brain infection--and my nMom LOVES it.
I'm sorry if this is long. I'm a writer. Words are my first love. 

My parents are still together for some reason after my dad has been abused for years by my nMom. Her whole family hates him because she's always spun the story that *he* abuses *her*, but it's 100% the other way around. A while back, my nMom came home from errands and found my 67 year old father on the floor and unresponsive. Long story short, he was having bouts of confusion and was seizing and for about a week they thought it was aggressive brain cancer. My mom took this opportunity to post on social media more than she updated me and my siblings...and she posted cryptically, in a way that it wasn't clear who was sick, if they died, or any real details. I imagine she did this to get the most possible sympathy and private messages from her "friends" (her audience). 

Anyway, they eventually biopsied and discovered that it was "just" a serious brain infection and my Dad underwent surgery to get the infected tissue out. While he was recovering, as expected, he was a little more forgetful (turning off the sink, closing the fridge), and a little slower to process conversation. But he was doing incredible for someone who just had brain surgery and his doctors told him so. During his recovery, my mom sent him texts, night after night while she was drunk, from a different room in the house about how he was selfish for not asking her how *she* was handling all this, calling him slow and senile, the r slur, you name it. 

Now he's recovered, and I do not see any difference in his cognitive abilities now. He's as he was before the surgery. My mom won't let it go though, of course. He's still *soooo slow* to her. Yesterday she and I got in a tiff just over both hearing a lawyer say two different things to us during a meeting, and I texted my dad who was also present to ask what he heard. Right after I texted him, my mom smugly said "yes ask your father so he can set you straight. I know what I heard." Well, my dad heard the same thing I did. When I told her as much, She said "Just a reminder, Dad still has trouble with comprehension and processing." 

Ohhh, so if he backed you up, it would be proof that I'm a bad listener, but since he backed me up he isn't capable of thinking? I almost forgot how Narc Math works!