Brother just emailed to say I cannot see my nephews and him as I am NC with parents
I’m really upset and could use some advice. I’ve (37F) been NC from my parents for nearly 3 years (I’ve made some previous posts on here over last couple years) and it has affected my relationship with my brother (39m)
I worked so hard to keep it civil with him so I could see his kids, my nephews, who I adore. 

It’s been awkward at points and he’s really pushed his agenda sometimes about me formally ‘letting the parents know why you aren’t speaking to them etc’

I have over the years during therapy etc considered writing emails and letters to them over this time but everytime I started writing I just knew it would be turned in to fuel for them to refute and gaslight me.
Anything I said would be used against me.

I explained as best I could to my brother that I needed to be away from them for my mental health.

He’s never done therapy and is a high achiever and in denial about a lot of our past. 
He admits dad was alcoholic and mother has ‘some issues’ but it’s not like where I have CPTSD and constant anxiety and have had to work through therapy and abusive romantic relationships etc.
He wouldn’t ever call it abuse.

His feeling is he keeps in touch with the parents the sake of his kids (my nephews), and that he has a ‘polite / functional’ relationship with them.


He doesn’t seem to see he is being manipulated and Gaslit by them.
Everytime over the past 2 years he has seen them I usually end up getting a text or email a few days later pushing for me to explain more or say that they are really upset and confused etc.

He even agreed to pass a note from dad to me even though I explicitly asked him not too.

Despite all this my brother and I have a good time and can be adult in the times I have visited and done FaceTimes over the past couple years. We even have a laugh sometimes and connect like old times.

His sons (my nephews are 5 &amp; 7) adore me and when I do see them tell me they love me and I tell them and in fairness to my brother he has raised 2 amazing children.

I would never dream Of bad mouthing the parents around my brother or my nephews and have made that clear. I respect his relationship with them and have only ever asked him to respect my NC. 

My brother saw my parents last week (I’m guessing as it was my dads bday) and then this evening I get the email I’ve been dreading for the past couple years.

Saying he is trying to understand all this time but it’s too hard and that  I am cruel for not giving the parents information about why I’m NC and that he cannot pretend everything is fine and have me over to visit and spend time with the nephews when I’m am being selfish and unfair to them (parents).

So he wants to ‘pause’ contact with me.

He said he has a note from dad he agreed to post to me, so now that is coming in the mail!! 

Mother still tries to email me occasionally from new email accounts but I keep her blocked each time so have not read anything from them for last 2 years.

I am absolutely devastated and feel like I am being backed into a corner that in order to have a relationship with my nephews I need to break silence and speak to my abusive parents.

And deep down I think my parents knew this was my biggest fear and have somehow managed to manipulate him to believe it’s bad to be around me in order to force my hand to contact them.

I am at a compete loss here. Should I move my boundary and send the parents a note to get contact back with brother and nephews? Could I even imagine what the relationship would be in his terms if that happened?

I havent replied to him yet but would so appreciate anyone who had any insight or experience of handling this? We’re able to salvage relationships?
Or bend their boundaries to maintain connection to relatives kids?