Talking to parents is emotionally exhausting.
My parents married in arrangement by the elders of the families. They always have/had issues. 

I was my mom’s therapist since I was 13. I could sense the mood of the house by the flow of a conversation between them and then do my best to pacify a fight between them that is coming from a mile ahead. I once angered my mom and she said, “You know, you could die right now and I will only cry for a minute because people would be watching me.” I was 15 when she said this. 

Dad never taught me a skill. I literally taught myself math and all other subjects with all my might. The best he could do was helping me with riding a motorcycle at 24. He never took a promotion in 30 years because, “life gets stressful once you get promoted.”

I never had the time to make friends or learn to socialize when I was a child. But when I actually tried, I made mistakes, got beaten up for being a snitch (I gave up secrets to be accepted in any group). On top of that, my incapable (yet bachelors degree holding) parents put me in this school (this was in 2009, in India)where the timings, and I shit you not, were 4am-10:30pm. I did that crap for 4 whole years of what US students consider high school. With those same people bullies. For no reason. My parents felt its the best for my career. 

Some astrology-mf’er told my dad I would be good for nothing if I studied computer science but I would flourish if I studied geology. So, my parents denied me education if I did not oblige.

Dad applied for a sponsored green card in 2003, America responded in 2018. Right when I finally made something for myself, a social circle, a beautiful-understanding girlfriend and now I had to pack my bags and move to the states.

Guess what, all those times I got hurt, I picked myself up, dusted myself off and did my thing. I have a masters degree and just got hired. My parents with the whole extended family whenever I meet or talk say, “You have a masters (STEM) degree, you are underpaid.” Some ridiculed by saying maybe I am worth smaller paychecks after all.

And TODAY, It took me a lot of alone time to realize I am happy in the job I do, all I need is more money. I can make more money if I save and invest in a rental. They get to know this from me, they begin pestering me to put all my savings in a brand new car and not in a rental because if I lose my job at least I can sleep in the car and go to work. When I am trying to educate my mom about money on the phone, Dad texts me, “Please STOP. I am not able to sleep.” It was 2pm and apparently he has the seasonal flu. 

Man, its hard to be alive. Its harder to realize I have these parents but the hardest is to control the urge to gain their approval in the good things I try to do. And then get hurt in the process!