Im 60, why did it take so long?
So I'm 60 yrs old. I am also a therapist.  I have known about and understood systems theory for about 30 yrs.  I am also the scapegoat and my mom is Narcissistic. I used to be the hero, I thought, but became the scapegoat after my parents divorced and my father the original scapegoat left. 
I am feeling stupid and embarrassed that I am just begining to really heal from my Mother's abuse.  
The first time I remember dealing with the trauma was when I was about 24 y/o. A therapist l was seeing told me to go no contact.  I did and I dont remember what type of work I got done with that therapist but I do know that my Mother holds that against me to this day.  But that was the first time I felt validated  with my feelings.
I had about 20 yrs of substance abuse and have almost 17 yrs of recovery from that. 
Then about 3 yrs ago, I was enlightened by something I read and told my therapist at the time that I was a scapegoat.  She validated that and then very little else got done as time and money didnt permit, nor do I think she had the capacity to help me heal.  
I have recently had contact with another adult child of a narcissist mother and been able to identify that my mother is in fact a narcissist. I have recently had two boundary breeches and baiting from my nm when I when grey rock.  
I have a new therapist who seems really able to help me continue to heal and have been watching You tube videos, listening to audible books and joining groups like this. 
I have made my friends list on FB not visible to anyone except me to avoid other boundary breeches from my mom.  I have un followed her and one of her flying monkies, but now that I have found this app I may just drop FB all together. 
It feels wonderful to know there are others out there that have similar issues.  I have always thought that I was the problem, the reason why we didnt have a Norman Rockwell family. 
My mom is 82 and had a mild stroke the day before we were to have our whole family together for the first time in 3 yrs for Thanksgiving.  I feel nothing except scared about how I will handle this.  
I am the oldest of 2 children and my brother lives out of state. He is the Golden child most of the time but since he has moved out if state, i believe we have shifted roles back and forth. But I am the scapegoat now because brother is back in town for a week.
My male  cousin (from my Dad's side) lives with my Mom so she has someone there with her but I am torn as I feel like I am supposed to be the one caring for her.  She really doesnt need care it was a very mild stroke. 
I dont want to see her or talk to her especiallly alone because she baits me constantly.  
This is my reality today.