I was the golden child - and I'd like to understand my scapegoated sister better
Hey, thanks so much for giving this a read. I experienced being placed in both roles, because both of my parents are narcissists, and my father scapegoated me and my mother viewed me as her golden child. However, my mother was the clear head of the household, so her role placement had more weight. My half-sister was the scapegoat from mother's side and completely invisible to our father.

I'm a bit scattered in the head about all of this, so I may say a lot of seemingly superfluous things, but... Yeah. The thing is, we haven't been in contact for a while, but I am so happy to have her in my life right now. She left home very early - at 16 - and moved in with her much older (I suspect narcissistic) current-husband-back-then-boyfriend. She's got a lot of health concerns at the moment she isn't seeing a doctor about, and is in extremely bad mental shape and overall often says she is very unwell.I find it important to note for context that we never had a bad relationship. I did have fleas and have done things I am not proud of and have to hold myself accountable for, but I am very sure I never joined in on abusing her alongside our parents, nor made excuses for it or tried to smooth it over, and never viewed her with disdain or like she was lesser, even though our family tried to push me that direction. We usually stuck together. I knew she was being treated unfairly and would rather enter conflict with my parents than excuse or join in on what was being done to her, and boy was there conflict, and if things got physical, she'd always protect me. And she also was much more rebellious and free-spirited than I was (I was more on the introverted, quiet, frightened side) and would often give me a taste of how nice it was to not always do as I was told, which gave me a lot of resilience, and I am so grateful for that. I wouldn't have bounced back as much as I did without her. So I would say we looked out for each other, even though of course every story has two sides, and you only have mine.

However, she always bit the bait my parents laid out to view me as superior to her in some way, and even now often makes snide remarks such as "Still studying at university, still being perfect?" or goes on about how physically beautiful she thinks I am and depreciates herself in comparison, or other things. Appearance was a huge part of what made my mother see me as the golden child and her as the scapegoat, even though I don't think anyone would point out a "pretty sister" between us outside of the family system... Overall people usually don't seem to view other humans that way (thank god). But still, often she says she can't stand seeing me because she feels like a monster next to me, and I find it difficult to comfort her, because it also makes her emotionally inaccessible. And overall I'm not comfortable with her putting me on a pedestal, because I just... Feel normal, if that makes sense. And she is a very beautiful young lady and very intelligent and has a lot of amazing qualities, but when I tell her that she doesn't want to hear it.  
Overall our ingrained family roles lead to conflict frequently, and take the fact we have completely different conflict styles (I usually want to pull back, steam off and resolve the whole thing calmly once I've chilled down, she prefers to get it out of the way when she feels the feelings), and things just often don't go that well.

Does anyone - after reading this novel of a post - have any clue on how I could do my part in building a relationship with my sister? I think it's pretty clear I need to work on my people pleasing habits and be a bit more comfortable expressing myself, but I always feel like there's something I'm missing, and I'd like to understand her better. If anyone has some insight to this, I'd be super grateful.

Thanks to everyone who read this far