Struggling with letting go of anger
Growing up, I was told we were poor. My clothes were from Goodwill, my teeth were falling apart and left unmanaged, I was not allowed to have hobbies that I was interested in, because they were deemed expensive (of course, if my parents wanted me to do something, that was magically affordable).

As the years went by, I learned my parents were unwell, and downright abusive. But it was only a year ago that I learned they had lied to me my entire life, and they were incredibly rich.

I had dreamt of going to a private high school, my parents dangled that carrot in front of me and used it to keep me from doing any social activities...I spent my years studying and obsessing over my grades. Then, when a private school accepted me with the understanding a donation must be made in my family's name, my parents proudly refused. They weren't gonna BEND OVER BACKWARDS for some FANCY SCHOOL.

After that, I became more depressed than I thought imaginable. My entire life I had dreamt of going to a great high school, followed by a private college. It was so important to me, and I'd thrown away social skills and friends in order to get there. But my parents didn't want to pay for it. They wanted me to do the work to get in so that I was kept busy, and then they told me it was the school's fault I couldn't go because they wanted money.

I stopped taking care of myself, I didn't shower, I didn't turn in my homework, I thought about killing myself...my parents got called in to see my teachers, who all told them I was clearly depressed and needed help. My parents solution? Pull me out of high school to "homeschool" me. Homeschooling turned into working a full time job.

My whole future fell apart. I also had serious medical issues they ignored, so I turned to drugs to feel anything but pain and sadness. My nmom loved it, she was sobbing to all her friends about her daughter being addicted to speed (I've never done speed, but my nmom loves telling me how much she misses cocaine, sooo...).

So, a year ago, it became so clear that they could have funded my future very easily. I feel a little naive, the signs were there. They lived in a mansion, insisted in living in one of the wealthiest counties in the country (even though I was being severely bullied and had been raped by boys in the county and had literally told them I wanted to kill myself every day I lived there - they told me they couldn't afford to move LOL). But now that I know the truth...the anger just won't leave me.

I want to stop being angry, because it makes no difference. Telling them what they did to me won't matter, they're fucking narcissists, they will deflect, gaslight, and defend until I drop the conversation out of exhaustion. So I don't want to gift them with knowing my feelings. But still I am giving them the gift of thinking about them. Constantly. I hate it.

It's just hard not to...they live in a mansion right now, fully retired, shopping constantly, buying tens of thousands of dollars worth of presents for themselves. They meanwhile cry and sob to their friends about how I "left them" (my husband and son and I moved away after it became clear their violent and aggressive alcoholism wasn't going to stop). They call to tell me about all the shit they've bought for themselves. Meanwhile my family is fucking POOR. Counting pennies, darning socks, poor. Being poor isn't what bothers me, I love my husband and son, I love my life. But as a mother...it tears at my insides to know how little their only daughter - me - means to them. No, that's not true, I do mean something to them: they actively take pleasure in watching me financially suffer. They have intentionally sabotaged us several times to put us back in the poor house (when they find out we are doing well they pretend they are financially struggling so that we give them our money - obviously this isn't something we would do anymore, but literally a year ago I was STILL being the dutiful daughter, letting the shit all over me and use me constantly). My ndad has rubbed it in our faces so many times that we are broke. When we all lived together (my nmom claimed it was because they needed me there as they got older), if I said something they didn't like, my ndad would smile at me and tell me that it was time for us to move out ("but where will you go?" he would ask rhetorically, smiling like a fucking taint).

How can I let go of this anger? How do I accept that my parents were not meant to be parents and were getting off on setting me up for failure (yeah, they do that too...it's a thing) and just move on? Normally I would use outlets of creativity and success, but I am a stay at home mom now and I don't have the time or energy to do things much outside of the home front right now. What do you guys do in order to let go of your anger?