Anyone else gets sad/jealous when they see how supportive their partners parents are?
So I've been with my partner for about a year now and our relationship is healthy and absolutely wonderful, which I'm very thankful for. 

I grew up around a very abusive narc dad and a depressed mother. The past four years I've been working hard on my childhood traumas with my therapist. It was a very tough time and only now I see how f*cked up my upbringing has been.
Growing up around an alcoholic narc who completely destroyed my soul that eventually lead to severe depression and a burn out. I'm now 29 years old, just starting university. My partner is almost done with their degree and about to start their masters. While at the same time, being three years younger than me. I feel like I'm lightyears behind in life. 

Both of my parents are normal workers. They have no educational background. My narc father is against higher education and my mother has very little self esteem due to her own upbringing. She is very anxious and only does things she knows, so she is not a great help either when it comes to career advice. So I have basically no one to go to. I feel like I'm starting from zero, without any help.

A bit like a kid who has no parents and now has to figure out how cycling works on its own. 

My partners parents on the other hand, both have a degree and are very supportive of their kids education. All of her kids go to good European universities. They get their degree paid by their parents and don't have to worry about tuition fees or rent being paid. They always have role models to turn to when they don't know something.

Don't get me wrong, I'm super happy for my partner to have this kind of support. But at the same time it makes me feel really depressed, because I realized how hard my life has been for me and still is. How nobody in my family gives a damn. Not in a million years would I be able to go and get my masters degree paid by mommy and daddy somwhere in France or Spain. I'm lucky if my dad continues paying my loan in my shitty college before blowing all his money on joining a cult or going completely mentally insane (he believes the world will end soon and is into Q anon). 

My partner gets asked daily by their father how their life is. And it's so beautiful seeing them interact in a respectful, supportive way. But it also makes me sad because I know my dad has never ever asked me about my day. Never has in 29 years and probably never will.

Life is just unfair and it upsets me that it's so easy for some. I feel like teaching myself how to swim while my partner was always provided with floaties and encouraging advice and words. I feel like my dad stole decades of my life that I will never get back and it makes me extremely angry. My partner tries to understand me but at the same time I think it's hard for them to relate. 

So sometimes my partner asks me where I wanna go for my masters but I have no answer. Because I don't even know if I can finish my bachelors degree before my dad loses his mind and stops paying. It feels like I am constantly struggling to survive while my partner doesn't even know what survival means. They can just focus on living. 

Should I feel bad for having such feelings?