I don't feel like my parents see me as my own person
I love my parents - they aren't abusive, they aren't bad people, they aren't bad parents - but I just don't think they know how to navigate a relationship with their adult child. I am the oldest (it's just me and my sister) and I've always felt like I have to do everything perfectly growing up to ensure their happiness (good grades, not being too social, not dating, listening and following rules etc etc - nothing too crazy). There are just small things that I realize as I get older that don't seem quite right. 

I've struggled with anxiety and depression growing up (definitely associated with perfectionism) but that was never really acknowledged. Often I was told that I didn't have anything to worry about, that I shouldn't feel that way, that my parents had it worse that I did growing up. I reached a point after college that I nearly attempted taking my own life, so I started seeking therapy and medication. Instead of showing sympathy or support, I was told that taking my own life would be selfish, that I have no idea how that would affect my parents. Recently, I was talking about going back to therapy so I could keep up with it like regular healthcare, and instead was told "but you're not depressed, are you" leaving no room for me to open up about what I've been struggling with. 

I never dated in high school because I got the impression that it was a waste of time, that "smart girls" don't do that and that I should focus on school instead. I was really scared to date or pursue crushes because I didn't think I was worthy of that. At some point, my mom asked me if I was a lesbian because I never showed interest in guys, not realizing that I felt like I couldn't talk about my feelings for people. Even now, I'm grappling with my sexuality and am questioning my orientation, but I don't feel like I can tell them about that side of me. They have never been supportive of my partners that I have brought home to meet them. They will tell me aggressively about what they don't approve of, but I don't know how to respond to that. No one is ever good enough and they are openly rude and unwelcoming to my partner, no matter how kind my partner is to me or to my parents. 

I could keep going. These are just two big picture things that affect me. There are little things - like trying to control how I dress, how I do my make up, what I study, where I live (apparently me moving for my career was a big point of contention and my mom thought I was going to destroy the family) - that also happen that make me feel like I can't do anything right. Basically, I feel immense guilt and shame if I don't do anything exactly in line with my parents expectations. It makes it difficult for me to establish myself as an adult, as my own autonomous person. I don't think my parents see me as an adult who is capable of making her own decisions (professionally, romantically, personally) and get very angry with me if I do something that doesn't align with their plans or expectations. I don't know how to set boundaries with my parents about this stuff. Any time I try, they get defensive and tell me that I'm too influenced by my therapist or my partner or my friends and am disrespecting them. They don't see me as an individual adult who deserves respect, but as their subservient child. I love my family and want to keep a relationship with them, so I need advice on how to advocate for myself without escalation or toxicity.