A little memory that keeps popping up...
... that I think encompasses my nmother's victim mentality.

I forget where exactly we were going, but we were riding a bus that was somewhat full - all the seats were taken and there were several people holding onto all the vertical bars, with not much room to spare. Not shoulder to shoulder but almost so.

My mother stood in the middle, where she could only try to reach the horizontal high bar. Now, my mom is pretty short - 5'1 or so, so she has an understandably rough time with these(why she decided to stand there I'll never know. Maybe she planned the whole thing). So she's standing there, making a show of going on tiptoes to reach the bar and struggling every time the bus jolts. And for some reason, this one guy's existence in particular bothered her. He was minding his own business, his back turned to us, completely oblivious of what was happening behind him. I suppose his grievous crime was that he dared to occupy one of the vertical bars without checking if my mother needed it.

Except, my mother is incapable of asking for help or favors like a normal person. It's not social anxiety either -I would understand that. So she's standing there, huffing, puffing, sighing loudly and with every bump in the road, she rolls her eyes and glares at the aforementioned dude's back. People start to notice and stare at her, but she ignores them and keeps going with her theatre. 

This went on for about ten minutes before I got fed up with that. I tapped the guy's shoulder to get his attention and politely asked him if he could move so my mother could hold on. He goes "oh!" and does so, almost as if he had no clue my poor, tormented mother was there(pardon the sarcasm). I thank him and what does my mother say? "Oh good!" As she latches onto the bar, now happy as a clam. 

It's just a little memory to remind me what she's really like when I start to doubt that she's not a poor little victim that is just oh so bullied by the whole world. More than half the time she is the architect of her own "suffering".