I realized the secret to truley healing is to stop resisting the broken damaged abused parts of myself
I had a realization. All this time I didnt  move out because I thought I was too broken damaged abused and lacking of certain skills and resources to move. I belived that I could only succeed if I was healed and perfect like normal people from normal families. But that's not true if I survived this long without these certain skills and knowledge its must not be as important as my parents make it out to be. In fact if I survived this long with them in this enviroment I'm sure I can handle almost any obsctle on my own. My parents drilled it in my head that I was so broken and stupid so I must have made this thought in my head that if I heal and fix everything than I can to. But I became so obsessed with healing that it over took my life I didnt care about anyone or anything even choose to study something in mental health deccating my life to it thinking healing would set me free. Changing myself into an unscathed perosn who has no scars from all the abuse. But all that did was take up literal years of just resisting myself insted when the answer was to simply accept my self and everything that happened to me fully insted of trying to reframe, rewrite and resist the truth of me. Once I accept it fully I see that it doesnt matter if I am "perfect/normal" or broken/abused either way I have the ability to move out and accomplish the things I want. Because all that abuse isnt a reflection of me it's just something that happned to me by evil people. That experience is sperate from me it is not me. After realizing this I realized I dont have to change me I dont have to heal to move to live my life. I was obsessed with healing because I thought healing(thus being normal as if the abuse never happened) would set me free. But wat really would set me free is accepting my self and my experiences as is sitting with those parts and then moving forward. I think they existed so long because I have just been resisting and avoiding them all this time

I internalized their abuse and made them mean things about me. In my head I took all the blame and repsobility and that is what I have been trying to change and get rid of....but I realize  now there is nothing to change I simply need to put their repsobility back on them