am i wrong for feeling like my father assaulted me?
tw: self harm mention

i (23F) have c-PTSD and have been doing trauma work the last few years to work on healing. recently, i keep thinking about a specific event (that i would say traumatized me) that happened when i was 14 years old.

i was very depressed/suicidal as a teenager, and i started self harming at 13. to try to do it in a hidden place, i would cut myself on my upper thigh/hips. i usually wore pants around the house to make sure no one saw it, but i was a bit careless one day and wore shorts. i was sitting on the couch and i had a blanket pulled over me, but it must have fallen down a bit because my dad came up behind me and saw the cuts. he started interrogating me, angrily, asking me what it was. i tried to insist it was nothing, but then he grabbed me and pulled me upstairs to his room. he started asking me to take off my shorts and show him. i was crying and telling him no, but he kept demanding it. then, if my memory is correct (he insists he didn’t do this) he pulled them down himself. he took out his phone and started taking pictures of the cuts, while i was standing there with my pants down, crying. later i found out he sent them to my mother (my parents are divorced), and brought those pictures to court as some kind of evidence when he sued my mom for being a “bad parent,” (he sued her multiple times in my childhood).

now, this situation definitely traumatized me because i really needed help and the first thing he did when he saw it was take fucking pictures. he didn’t offer me emotional support, didn’t ask if i was okay, didn’t hug me or anything. his first instinct was to use it in his vendetta against my mom, and he failed to see how he was hurting me. 

i also just felt extremely violated. i had hit puberty, i didn’t want my dad seeing me in my underwear, but i didn’t really have a choice. to this day i feel like he assaulted me, but i also have trouble validating this feeling. i’ve tried talking about this with people and they will assure me “oh he didn’t mean it that way he was just worried.” but at the end of the day he made me feel like i had no choice over what to do with my body, and he made me feel ashamed and violated and just horrible. i know he didn’t mean it in a sexual way, but i was a teenager and he fucking pulled my clothes off. 

i want to specify that my dad was emotionally abusive, not physically, and this was one of very few instances where he touched me against my will. that being said, it still feels wrong to me? and i have a hard time moving on from it when i feel like my perception of the event isn’t valid.