Was anyone bullied at school and at home?
The abuse and bullying caused me to nearly commit suicide multiple times when I was in middle school. I was bullied mercilessly by a ton of different kids at school and then was bullied by nparents and two nsisters when I came home. I had no one. No one at school gave a shit, including the teachers, and no adults or extended family members tried to help me at home because they were likely abusers and enablers themselves. This happened from when I was 11-14, although the abuse had been happening for my entire life. It just got way worse at this point.

When I was 15, nparents pulled me out of school and put me in virtual school. I went from being bullied every day to complete isolation. I wasn’t being bullied at school anymore, but I spent 2 years quite literally talking to no one except for nfamily and one friend I had who also turned out to be abusive.

When I was 16, I had already missed 2 years of public school. I didn’t want to go back because who in their right mind would want to be bullied again? But nparents forced me to go back to public school, so I started my junior year of high school. But only had I been isolated and abused and everything that happened before, but now I was even more behind in terms of social development than other people my age. I felt like even more of an outcast. However, I actually met some nice people and made a few friends. It turned out that there were a lot of nice people in high school and, at least at this school, bullying was very rare. I sort of felt like I was starting over. Even better was the fact that I was now 6 feet tall and handsome. I could defend myself and I was getting attention from girls which I had never gotten before. Looking back though, it made me more angry than anything else because where the fuck were these people when I was suicidal? No girls gave a shit about me when I was still small and a target for bullies in middle school, but suddenly, when I grow up, it’s as if nothing happened! There were even some girls that used to bully me that were now suddenly hitting on me. No, you don’t get to fucking date me now that I’m a foot taller than you. Fuck you. It was as if everything was swept under the rug and I was somehow expected to “move on”. No one ever apologized or even acknowledged what they did. The same exact thing happened with nfamily too. Everyone was pretending to be nice and no one was bullying me openly now that I had grown up into a person that could easily beat any of them up if they messed with me. It felt and still feels hypocritical. Even though I’m no contact with nfamily and all of those bullies, I still feel the rage I felt back then about how quickly these people pretended like nothing happened when I grew up into someone they were either afraid of or attracted to.

This was really hard for me to write. I’ve repressed these feelings and emotions for so long. I still feel like I’m right back there in the moment, feeling the rage and humiliation and the anger at these people suddenly pretending to be my best friends after fucking destroying my life.