Life is soo simple when you dont come from an enmeshed family
I never realized how severely enmeshed I was with my parents to the point where I kinda feel like I disnt exist. They didnt just take up too much space they took my whole life and forced my to live out their wants and dreams. I honestly dont understand how that would even fulfill them. But anyways I feel like being so enmeshed was the reason I felt so lost in life because I havint been developing myself or my life all these years, it's the reason idk what I want and why I never feel content with any choice because even if something makes me happy I'm always thinking how much will this satisfy my parents. Or will this choice/action meet my parents (because apparently that's why I was even born) If its not serving them in some way I have no right to do it. I dont have a "real job " or career because no job could satisfy both of us everything I liked upset them or was "shameful" because it didn't have enough prestige and their choices made me feel empty so I couldn't go through with either of our picks and so I ended up in minimum wage. Now that I had this realization I'm realizing that I should only consider myself for descions about my life and not only do I feel more fulfilled (less empty) everything seems simpler and easier too. Now I can make descions big and small with having shame guilt fear and inadequacy lingering in the back of my mind. I do not care if they dont approve of me they will never give me their love and approval even if I did everything they asked so I might as well try listening to myself and my wants after decades and see if I will give myself the love and happiness that I craved from my parents so badly.  Wow I can't belive how simple life is without enmeshment ruling your life. Everything seems simple easy and possible. For a long time I have up on their approval but because they drilled into me and normalized enmeshment as a young child i honestly didnt even realize that this was that wrong/abnormal and it was very hard to break. Thankfully now I know not to care at all about their opinions or wants (for my life) this is my life and I'm going to live it my way.