NMum trying to convince me my son is a Psychopath and its my fault.
My parents raised my brother and I with a heavy hand. My NDad was in the military, and to be honest, I felt like I was just a number for a long time. We had rules on our rules. I have not been this parent with my own kids. I am actually a highly trained educator and am working on my Masters in Developmental Psychology. I have always loved being a Mumma bear and have taken it to another level in my career. 

Now for the story:  My 4 yo son, is very cheeky, he keeps my husband and I laughing a lot. If he sees and opportunity to prank someone, he will take it! On Sunday morning my husband woke up to our four year old slipping a large wooden toy egg into his mouth. My husband jumped and yelled in shock, spitting the egg across the room. It his the wall with a fair whack.. My son and I burst out laughing (as I woke up to him doing this too and the shock and realisation of what had happened) and my husband, once recovered also laughed. We then spoke to him about not doing that again cause he might cause Daddy to choke etc. He agreed, saw the serious side and then said "But it WAS funny".. Again we said it was, but it might not have been. I could see the moment where it "clicked" and we went about our day. His Dad has played a similar prank on our 4yo but when he was awake and watching a movie, so thats where he got the idea from.   


I saw my mother later on the day and explained the story. She was horrified and said that we should've reprimanded him harder then and there. That our lack of parenting him in these situations is going to catch up with us. And him doing this was really disrespectful. I am just shocked at how easily she finds reasons to think kids are always out of control and that they are going to grow up into these awful people and it will be all the parents fault etc. I would've never done that to my parents, but I would've never come into their room in the morning for snuggles either. I wasn't allowed. It makes me feel like I am dismissing something I shouldn't be. When I know I am not. I just feel like I am going crazy over here. 

Note: Fully expecting people to side with my NMum here. I know it might not be for everyones taste, but my husband and I really did find it hilarious and it was in context of our lives etc.. He didn't just come up with this on his own.