Trauma dumping: My parents routinely exposed me to sex very young
Tldr: my parents had sex / performed sexual acts with me in the same room / bed as a child and I'm hypersexual as a result. 

I like to think of myself as a case study for atypical Early Childhood sexual abuse. For as long as I can remember, I've known intimately about sex. I cannot remember ever learning about the different facets of sex, such as ejaculation, oral, kink, ect. Nothing was ever hidden from me.  

My father was an alcoholic and took me to the bar with him 5 nights out of the week when i was ~4-8. I would sit at the beer with the tabletop arcade machine or play with the pinball machine surrounded by drunk adults, mostly old men.  As one could imagine, I was routinely exposed 2 inappropriate things and gross sexism there. One night, perhaps when I was 6, I remember I peed myself because the bathroom was gross. My father was wandering around drunk and I couldn't find him. I tried to walk home, I don't know how far that would have been, but an older man and a young woman pulled aside in their truck and scolded me for wandering off. They asked where my parents were and they took me back to the bar. My father hadn't noticed I left and I didn't tell him.

My parents never had a good marriage. They were constantly fighting. They made no attempt to hide sex and sexuality from me, both together and separately. When I was in their room sleeping (I was afraid of sleeping alone) or playing video games, they would come in and start having sex as though I wasn't there. I would pretend like I wasn't. 

Separately, my father would masturbate to porn on the television while I was in the same bed. After they split when I was 9, my mother would have sex with men in the kitchen and living room while I was home and awake. I would only know when I came downstairs, but it didn't change anything. Again, I was invisible. 

Several times from ~12-18, any night I spent in a hotel room with my mother and whatever man she was seeing at the time, I would have to listen to them have sex, but at least this time I would be in a different bed. One night, she did it while my friend was along for vacation. I still don't know if he was awake too. I was mortified. A couple months after she met my current step father, she invited me along to visit him in the next state. I told her I would if she promised she wouldn't have sex with me in the room. This was the first time I had ever mentioned it. She scoffed and laughed and acted like it was a ridiculous question. I was relieved and accepted the invitation. Predictably, the first morning in the hotel room I woke up to the familiar sound of my mother giving oral. I was so angry I was sweating. I waited for it to stop, paralyzed, until I boiled over and left. I couldn't tell you if they stopped once I got up. Afterwards, my mother acted as though nothing happened and I was ridiculous for being angry. The stepfather tried to deflect blame. 

The exposure made me hypersexual since very young. I have fantasized about sex nearly every night before falling asleep for as long as I remember. I thought it was what everyone did. I recall having a dream when I was 7 or 8 about big monsters r*ping me, which I would remember to masturbate to. 

As an adolescent, I looked older than I was, very promiscuous, and flirted with high school boys and grown men. Several times I had been followed or sexually harassed. I nearly gave oral to a boyfriend when I was 12, but was penis repulsed. I came out as a lesbian when I was 14, which was also when I became sexually active. 

Now, I'm 23 and transmasc. I'm still hypersexual and masochistic to the point of harm. I'm solely attracted to women, but I get off on flirting and hooking up with men. I'm trying to find a therapist that specializes in what I need, but it's difficult on medicaid. 

I'm sharing because I've seen others describe similar upbringings and it makes me feel better to know I'm not alone. 

Thanks for reading.