My daughter triggers memories of my abuse
When I pick up my daughter and shes throwing a fit and trying to get back down on the ground because she doesnr want to go to bed or in the car it triggers one of the most traumatic abuse memories. I was 4-6 and I dont remember what exactly I did but I remember my mom picking me up and me screaming tryinf to get down and as I was trying to get down she got frustrated and bit me. Then she threw me on the bed sat on top of me and hit me as hard as possible with a spoon 8 times. When I remember it it's like I'm watching it happen and I remember her counting. When I brought it up a couple years ago she said its because she was sick of me throwinf fits. You know what I do when I'm sick of my daughter throwing fits at home? I walk away. I never even think about doing that to her. 

Another memory resurfaces when my daughter  sings head shoulders knees and toes because when I was little I was singing it and my mom just started hitting me and I remember being confused. That's the thing with my abuse I dont remember what I did most of the time in fact I didnt even know what I did as I was getting beat. I remember being confused.

 Once we went on a camping trip with all of my dads side of the family I was about 8. I have an uncle named Rick and the adults thought it was funny to teach us kids to call him dick or dick head. They did that all weekend, I didnt know what it meant I just knew it made the adults laugh. Well I've been doing it literally all weekend so when we went to leave I told my uncle "bye dick head." When my mom heard thar she just started beating me in front of everyone. I was very confused what I did because the adults had been egging us all weekend on saying it. Also, why the hell did they not say anything about it while I was getting hit? They literally taught and encouraged me to say that, I disnt know what it meant. After I would ask my parents what it meant but they wouldnt tell me what it meant or why it was bad. Again, I was very confused

My mom told me I would understand why she treated me the way she did when I had kids. But now I have kids and I now understand less and am more heartbroken about it. There is no way I could even do 1/8th what my mom did to me to my kids. The memories sometimes make me cry or make my hands shake and heart pound even after 5-20 years