Using humor to put Npeople in "time out" is hilarious (and effective)
Awareness of the Narcissistic Cycle of Abuse and how to purge it in our familial and local cultures has been making it's way around because of the brave survivors who share on this sub and other resources that continue to break new ground. ([Here for example](https://www.utahdap.com/healing-utah-homes)). It's important to know that most of this is light years ahead of the emotional health profession and the systems that "educate" it as many therapists aren't trained or experienced enough to identify the cycle (and because of that sometimes end up inadvertently reinforcing the abusive cycle.)

This community knows that N behavior is an outward physical symbol of a wide spectrum of unacknowledged, inward, emotional challenges an Nperson has been harboring throughout their life. This results in another spectrum of hidden self-destructive behaviors ranging from committing murder to something as simple as acting on petty jealousy. Recognizing this spectrum is critical and is something every survivor on this sub does well and should be proud of! Because of that, I wanted to share with you here how this continued awareness, research and observations of the spectrum have continued to fuel more ideas for more ways to de-escalate an Nperson's outward Nbehaviors with humor:

At a recent event at a kind person's home involving 30 or so related people of all ages, an Nperson who probably shouldn't have been invited, ignored the countless hours of preparation others had put into the occasion and eventually initiated the typical close minded, negative, self-serving talk expected of an Nperson. Eventually, also as expected, the Nperson said some of the typical N things to a benevolent grown up nephew of the Nperson who others had engaged in praising over a minor and cool thing.

(You don't have to read far on this sub to see that this growing community of survivors knows   that other people receiving any sort of praise no matter how minor around an Nperson is a trigger for the Nperson to engage in the cycle of abuse because of the Nperson's own unacknowledged issues as was the case here)

In years passed, after making the Ncomments, the Nperson would have then stoically stared off into space like they did nothing wrong, searching for those misguided, toxic, inward feelings of misvalidation for preventing someone else from receiving praise. The mood would have gone silent for a moment but eventually timid conversations would have picked up again (usually initiated by an innocent child) only for the Nperson to eventually interject again and the ignorant, self-serving, toxic cycle to resume.

However, at this occasion, as soon as the non-building, non-constructive, non-encouraging comment was made by the Nperson towards the nephew, an aware family member immediately followed up loud enough for everyone to hear by saying in a humorous tone to the Nperson "(Name) do we need to put you in timeout or are you going to play nice?" When the Nperson mumbled something back, the aware family member then followed up with an additional comment to the nephew also in a humorous tone "You can put (Nperson's name) in time out if you need to..." A few giggles and laughs followed and kept the mood light and constructive. The aware family member then followed up with more comments to the nephew like "Ya! Good job on (the cool stuff)" and then asked questions about it which kept the conversations going in a rewarding way for everyone. The Nperson knew that any other Nbehaviors or Ncomments like that would be met with the public threat of them being "put in time-out".

Besides being "put in time-out", other comments that could have been said in a humorous tone to the Nperson that also would have worked could have been:

"Hey...(Nperson's name) [simmma down nah!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du1Uz8HAlJo)"

"(Nperson's name) there's no need to be jealous of (Nephew's name)"

"(Nperson's name) is it naptime for you?/Did you skip your nap today?"

This works because emotionally, Npeople are petulant children and should be treated (and coached) as such until they are ready to address their own issues with awareness, therapy, research, etc...

Congratulations on being a survivor and the continued purge of Nbehavior from all families and cultures around the globe!