Who else experiences empty gifts/favors from the narcs in your life instead of a real apology?
Yesterday I went to my moms house in the morning to watch my grandmother. My mom‘s job gets busier around Christmas time so she had to work, and my mom asked me if I would be able to and I agreed because I wanted to help my family out. Things were fine until my mom got home, where she randomly started mentioning how on Thanksgiving my fiancé’s mom and stepdad kept talking about children with me. She asked if I was pregnant, and I said “No— I think they’re just excited for grandkids.” And then she basically was like “Oh good because if you had a kid now and had to stop college it would pretty much all be a waste.” But then continued on to say some bullshit about how my college a degree “Will probably be a waste anyway since I don’t want to work.” Like, this bothers me so much because what a sweeping way to just invalidate my college career, something I’m very proud of because I work very hard and have a near perfect GPA and I am in an honors program. Literally just dismissed it hardcore. And then I explained it’s not that I didn’t want to work at all— I don’t want to work shitty minimum wage jobs where I’m not respected and I go to school full-time so I would rather not work right now so I can give that all of my attention. She was just like “You gotta start somewhere” (completely ignoring I’ve already had three years of previous working experience in shitty entry-level jobs) and I was like “Yes… that’s what my internship is for.”  

I don’t know, I’m glad I said something but after the fact I wish I called her out on how ignorant and dismissive she sounded. I think let’s say if I didn’t work after college, like let’s say I become a housewife—I still WOULD NOT consider my college experience a “waste”. I learned a lot of really interesting things, had my horizons broadened by meeting new people and hearing their experience is different from my own, I’ve fundamentally grown and changed as a human being and I wouldn’t trade that for anything. She then turned around my car in her driveway because I always have trouble with it, and nagged me for how full of stuff my car was and how it was “hazardous” because the back window was obstructed (it’s really not, I can still see out the back and drive fine). But like, literally why I have so much shit in my car it’s because she’s frequently giving me bags and bags of useless crap I don’t need and I always feel like I HAVE to take it or she’ll get pissy. So I just explained that our apartment doesn’t have a lot of space so we’re keeping it there until we figure out what to do with it, and then she just barked at me that I should get rid of the stuff. In my head, I was like “Then stop giving us so much shit we don’t need!” 

Anyway I was pissed off and ready to go home at that point and she pulled out $100 bill and was trying to get me to take it. I explained that I didn’t want to take it, because I came to help her and my grandma and didn’t expect anything in return. She was like I know, take it anyway and wouldn’t let me refuse it. Then I asked if she was going to give me money then why didn’t she just get the aid she hires to come, and she said “I’d rather you have it.” I am so certain that she must’ve realized how much of an asshole she sounded, but instead of just apologizing and saying “Hey, that sounded kind of dismissive of me, sorry” the hundred dollars was to make the conflict magically go away. Logically, I know this doesn’t really change anything and I still have a right to be upset, but it does make me feel confused and my subconscious brain feels like I’m not allowed to be upset because of the money. What’s your stories?