Nmom says she wants a relationship but can’t follow the one set of guidelines I put in place.
Hi all, i have a bit of background info to get through so bear with me. 

I (29f) was raised by my nmom who is also catholic (relevant info). I found out that everything my mom did was abuse (through talk therapy) when I was 27. Since then I have worked to cut most ties with her and I even gave her a list of boundaries not to break, when she would cross them I would NC her until I felt ok and then I would email or text her “I’m ready to proceed with an apology.” You guys can guess how well that went. 

I came out as a lesbian in 2013, I dated, married, and divorced a woman by 2016. My nmom refused to even acknowledge my exwife she never spoke to her or met her and only spoke of her to tell me that she was trash and that I needed to return to god. I begged her to just accept me and to please have a relationship with us, I just wanted my mom to be a part of my whole life (I had not realized the abuse yet). After my marriage I had a 3.5 year relationship with a man. My nmom welcomed him into her house, let him sleep on her couch,gave him Christmas and birthday gifts and brought him around to every holiday. She did all this even though she knew he had been cheating on me since month 2. 

I began dating my now fiancé (30f) this year. My mother is back to refusing to meet her, talk to her, or even acknowledge her as my fiancé. But now she’s also requesting that we “have a relationship like we used to” I agreed to have a sit down conversation with her and tell her (once again) that I am requesting her to be a decent human to my partner. So I did. I told her that if she wanted a relationship with me that she would have to afford the same curtesies to my fiancé that she did to my ex boyfriend. That she go out to dinner occasionally, or that she come over to our house for Christmas dinner, etc. My fiancé is very family oriented and to be honest I’m only doing this for her. Anyway, my nmom said that she can’t be a sinner and she doesn’t agree with it. 

I asked her why it was ok when it was a man, (since premarital sex is a sin too) and she said because even though I was sinning, the hope of being married in the church was there. She started circling all my arguments back to me. And I told her that the bottom line was that I got to choose who was allowed in my life and that this was all I was asking her to do, she of course hit me with the “I am your mother” I just deserve to be in your life argument and I said no. I stood my ground. 

She asked me if I even wanted a relationship with her and I said no. I told her that I was mainly for my fiancé and that I couldn’t really want a relationship with her after all of the trauma and she says “oh what I was too strict on you??” I really didn’t want to get into it with her but I told her that it was more than that and after outlining a few examples she said “oh so it doesn’t matter that I’m sorry or that I didn’t know?” And I said no it doesn’t because regardless, I’m the one paying the consequences, i’m 29 and barely learning how to be an adult.  The conversation ended without a conclusion because I got frustrated when she said “even if I agree to do these things it doesn’t mean I agree with you” I said “I don’t care, and frankly I don’t understand how you can choose your faith over me your child that you swear you love so much” she then told me that I needed to care about what she was saying and asked if as really making her chose between me and god. So I left. 

The proverbial final straw came last night. She texted me telling me that she needed ushers for a philharmonic concert she arranged (a concert I had expressed interest in attending with my fiancé). Long story short, I told her sorry but I didn’t want to work at the concert. She said “can’t you help i’m in a jam” I told my fiancé and she said that we should help. So I texted my nmom and told her “hey ‘Jan’ wanted to help you, so we will usher.” She has been silent since that text. 

Honestly part of me is devastated. I don’t exactly know how to moved forward assume I move forward with NC?

I need clarity :/