Kick NMom out of my house
My (26f) NMom (47f) was staying with my husband and I while she is in the process of looking for a home in another state. It is myself, husband, my siblings (13f, 15m) my toddlers, and her staying with us. There is plenty to say about her narcissism but I want to keep this post short. My Nmom gaslights her kids and provokes them into a screaming death match. It happened last night. She lost her phone charger and accusing someone in the house taking it and She refuses to believe it. But this woman loses EVERYTHING. She got aggressive, waiting for someone to confess to her because she is always right. She was screaming that she “knows” we are lying. I gave her my charger and she still wasn’t happy. She couldn’t move on with her night without terrorizing her kids. I told her that’s enough, you need to get out before things get ugly. When her authority was tested, she couldn’t accept it. NMom kept getting in my face to prove her ridiculous reasoning. 

Then I just had it, I yelled for her to pack her shit and leave my house before she makes stuff worse. She refused, screaming back, spitting, finger in my face, following me out of a room I would walk out of, demanding respect “what daughter kicks her mother out?” The more she refused and provoked me, the angrier I got. I lost my voice from screaming and crying so loud. Nmom was gaslighting me saying I’m being crazy over a charger and now she’s calling the police. She had her phone ready to dial 911, taunting me. I was being crazy because she didn’t want to leave my home. My toddlers were in the home so she needed to spice it up saying she was calling CPS. That I need to be admitted to a hospital and my kids are in danger. I felt like I was having a heart attack, I begged and screamed hundreds of times to leave my house, kept gas lighting me, refusing to stay away from me….I felt hopeless. She was trying so hard to manipulate to give in to her authority….”I am you mother how dare you” doing everything she could to make me suffer even scaring me into my kids being taken away.

I called my grandmother (her mom) on FaceTime to be a witness to all of it. She couldn’t do much because she can’t drive, but she did beg my mom to shut up and to stay with her. Nmom started packing when I FaceTimed my grandma, and then I just took my kids and locked us in my room. Woke up this morning and she was gone. 

I was gaslit by her all my life. My emotional needs were never met as a child. But I still love her a forgave her because…well no matter how old I am I a always longing for those needs from my mother. I wanted her to stay and be around my children. I’m heartbroken because she took it too far to where my family, my kids, could’ve suffered in so many different ways. 

I will never allow her to manipulate me anymore. She’s staying with my grandma now. I don’t care where she is. She isn’t my problem anymore.