That time my mother got hysterical because I went to a shop and didn't buy anything
From age 8 to 10 I loved baseball and collected baseball cards. I suddenly lost interest in the sport, and a big reason is something that happened on my mother's birthday--and while this happened thirty years ago, I remember it very clearly.

On the day of my birthday my Nmom went out with my Ngrandmother for the day, and I was supposed to meet up them and the rest of my family for a birthday party that evening. I had some money at the time, and my mother and I agreed that I'd go with her to buy a birthday present later that day (yes things like gifts were regularly negotiated in advance in my family; I didn't realize this was weird until I was an adult).

Since I had the day free, I went to a neighbor's house, and the neighbor had a friend of his over and the friend's dad was there. They decided they'd go to a baseball card shop to have a look, and I was invited to go with them. Well, I loved baseball and always enjoyed going to the shop to look at the cards, so why not? So I went.

When the friend's dad drove back, I said I needed to go back home so he dropped me off first--and my mother was outside glaring at the car. "Uh oh, I think you're in trouble," the dad said jokingly as he drove up. I got out and that's when shit got really bad.

My mother started crying hysterically and yelling at me: "YOU DON'T LOVE ME!" she yelled. "How dare you go buy baseball cards when you're supposed to buy me a birthday present!" I explained that I didn't buy anything and still had all my money, but that wasn't good enough because, she said, the only reason I didn't buy anything was because the shop had nothing I wanted (not true at all) and I was an unloving ungrateful son who had ruined her birthday and her party. I was 10.

Honestly, it took me decades to realize my mother was a narcissist, because she wasn't outright aggressively antagonistic in her abuse and more often than not played the victim/martyr. Plus, since my grandmother was stereotypically narcissistic in a much more aggressive way and my father was extremely bipolar, her less aggressive symptoms made her narcissism harder to recognize. Still, I knew she was abusive--the baseball card shop was the tip of the iceberg. When I called her out on it a couple of years later, she denied it ever happened--gaslighting was her MO. Perhaps the most obvious act of her gaslighting was when I confronted her in my 20s about staying with my father after he sexually molested me when I was 11. Her response: "it wasn't like he wanted to have sex with you--he was having a manic episode and hallucinating. He could've thought you were a ham sandwich in that state."

She still hasn't accepted responsibility for enabling his abuse--but that's not why I've gone VLC with her (I would go NC but I find VLC much easier; the only contact we have is when she emails me sporadically, which I reply to with very short, terse one line replies; grey rocking is great).

While apologizing for a child molester is the worst thing she's done, for me the incident with the baseball card shop outing and her denying it ever happened is the smoking gun that proves she isn't the weak-willed waif she has always claimed to be--she's a hardcore narcissist that is incapable of truly caring about my wellbeing.