How to tell your mom you can't stay for Christmas
Long story but I'm 30 years old now and in 2014 I moved from a small town in the midwest to Hawaii to be with my partner. My mom has always gave me a hard time about it. Every phone call is, "when are you moving back?" For awhile I limited contact with her because of this reason. I guess to her, I am her best friend, an "addition" of herself. There is so much more that can be said, I'm just officially realizing she is a Narcissists. 

I wasn't going to come home this year for the holidays but my papa (who is having health problems and is very much in the end of life care) called and asked me to come "home" to see him. My plan was to come down in a few weeks into November, my mother asked if I could come earlier due to his poor health, I said yes because I was afraid of not getting to say goodbye to my papa. I dropped everything and came literally 3 days later, leaving my partner to hold it down in Hawaii by herself.

We do plan to move here next year but still get pressure from my mom to just stay here now and have my partner pack up everything alone. My mom tried to say we will help you get a car and job and in my head I was like, absolutely not. I have been with my partner for 10 years and we will do this move together. She has said some pretty nasty things about my partner as well. 

It's so hard for me to tell my mom how it is and how it is going to be. Hell, it's hard for me to make some decisions for myself, I've turned into a people pleaser. Not sure if thats from long time Narcissists abuse or what. Hard for my to put my foot down and tell my mother how it is going to be, because I don't want to crush her heart. 

It's now November 29th and I really should be getting back to Hawaii and my partner. How to I tell that to my mother who is obsessed with me? She doesn't get that I have my own life; partner, home, etc. If I tell her I have to leave before Christmas she will lose her mind. I go back and forth in my head, well maybe I should stay though Christmas, it might be my papas last one. Sorry this is my 1st post and is mostly just me venting and not giving out all of the Narcissists storyline but maybe I will do another post. Sorry If it doesn't make alot of sense as well.