Life after "education(al) abuse"
Hi everyone

First of all, please excuse me for posting again so soon after my long post a day ago.

I heard of an interesting term used in Japan called "education(al) abuse", which describes a particular type of abuse where a parent pushes their child to do extraordinarily well in academic settings by using abusive methods. Parents who engage in this type of abuse subject the child to rigorous schedules and verbal abuse, however, other 'methods' are also used to make the child submissive to the expectations the parent has set up for them.

My upbringing was exactly that. Verbal abuse every single day to make me study harder for achievements my parents have picked as 'important' for me, without even thinking of asking about my own dreams and aspirations first.Sometimes, there was some physical abuse as well, but not much.I was told repeatedly how it's my parents' idea of success or the highway and that their path they have laid out for me was the only way for me to be a decent human being, to not be a failure.Not meeting expectations would mean endless scolding, passive-aggressive behaviour and verbal harassement.There is a reason why I remember every single exam that I've failed or got a low score in my entire life. I'm currently in my 20s.

How it has affected my life:I am completely unable to study. Any time I would not understand something the immediately, I would fall into a deep 'hole', where I would start hearing the verbal abuse again and go numb to anything that is actually happening around me, such as noises or people trying to reach me and wouldn't find a way to snap out of it.I still have the voice in the back of my head how I'm worthless and unintelligent. My low intelligence is something I am very self-conscious of.Any achievements are meaningless. When I get good grades, I might get excited for a split second, but immediately start nit-picking at some mistakes I've made during the exam, even though my grade would be high or even the highest possible. Which is even more damaging, as I value achievements and success above anything else and I think that academic success and career advancements are what define my worth as a person.My relationship with my mother, who was the primary perpetrator, has gone down the drain completely. I feel like to her, I'm a failed project. We barely talk to each other, after she subjected me to 1-2 years of 'the silent treatment'. She has moved on to my siblings, who actually have got a future.

Sorry for the long post, I just found the term "education(al) abuse" interesting and I'm glad the term is now main stream.

Take care