My GC sister wants to throw a surprise party for Narc mom (long post)
So my golden child sister wants to give our narc mom a surprise birthday party because she has given all her brothers and sisters a surprise party and hasn't got one in return. My sister had already informed me about the party and wanted me to help. She said she would be getting a caterer, someone to decorate, photographer, DJ etc. so it would be stress free. Well I get a phone call from her and she's telling me all the ppl she hired to help for the party and then proceeds to ask what can I contribute after not even discussing her plans. At this point she already planned everything and didn't even ask me for my input on anything. Then proceeds to say " I wanted to include you cause it's our mom". I definitely do not want to go to the party anymore because after that conversation I realized she was exactly like our mother. Doing it for recognition and because no one gave our mom a party despite all the parties she planned so she can get recognition and be in the spotlight. Not only that but she is talking about how our family will judge the party if it isn't perfect because my mom recently went to the party and the food wasn't good, DJ wasn't good, etc.  Even if I did make a few decisions, she still will get all recognition for even thinking about giving her a party. It just sucks because I'm low contact with both of them and still learning how to say no. 

The crazy part about all of this is I decided I was going to work on invitations for the party. At the end of the conversation she starts telling me how expensive it is and how she is financially set up to give mom a party because she wanted to a few years ago and didn't have the money. After saying this, she proceeds to ask me if I can put money towards the party. She broke down the costs and the thing that pissed me off the most was that it's over $1000 for just the caterer for a birthday party! This is not a wedding. She could've gone with someone much cheaper and I even have referrals to cheaper caterers but she never cared to ask. I'm still struggling with how to say no so I told her I'd pay for the photographer and 1/2 of the 360 camera thingy she wants to get but that's it. I feel like such an idiot. How do you proceed to plan everything and then ask me for money? If it was outside her budget she should've never booked anything that expensive. Thats not even including the cake/dessert, building rent, decor price, etc. 

How can I tell her I don't want to pay for anything after saying I would? I had time to think about it and I just don't feel comfortable paying for something I had nothing to do with. Why want the recognition if you can't pay for everything yourself? At least narc mom actually went the cheaper route when planning parties for ppl and did the decor and catering herself.