My (26f) bf (30m) has started following random girls from work.
UPDATE:
You guys are right. I've already began putting things into motion. I've picked up extra hours at work so I can pay off all debts attached to this house and my name. Then from there it's savings. He's put my life in danger far too many times and it's too much. He got angry with a cashier yesterday and was speeding home as well as running red lights. I begged him to stop, and all he cared about in that moment was the fact that he believed I was calling him an incompetent driver. This led to a very petty argument in which he decided we weren't having sex anymore and that we were breaking up. He left for 10 minutes and came back like nothing happened. He didn't even apologize until much later. Oh and he did try to have sex again. I do love that side of him. He's so amazing when he's like that, but I see it far less than his narcissist side. Even when he's being nice he's still fucked up. It seems like he's nicer to me when he has something to hide. I'm letting him keep everything and going to get my own. I really didn't want to do this, but the fact that I know I need to is enough. He even knows it. He asks me everyday when I'm leaving him. I'm very scared. I've been with this guy for a long time and basically started my adult life with him. I think my introverted ways kept me in this relationship longer than I should've been. Wish me luck because this is super hard. Still deciding on whether to give him the closure of a full on break up, or just writing a letter and going completely ghost. 
He only believes he loves me because I'm not his type and he still wants me to stay by his side, but he refuses to compromise in any way because he belives that hes given too much of himself. He thinks the car rides to the job we share, and to get food is doing a lot already. Meanwhile I'm paying for the car repairs and helping do the work. I'm putting gas in the car so we can go wherever. The list of things I've given and given up for this guy is incomparable. The fact that he thinks the standard basic for friends is doing too much is screaming at me. He truly believes that what he's doing shouldn't hurt me because it's only about him, and that I'm only making it difficult by not agreeing with him. I've never met someone so toxic in my life, and I hate to say it, but he was actually worse in the previous years. I can't believe how dumb I am. Even as his friend it hurts to see him get so ignored by the very attention he's trying to get. I hate to see him like this but I can't help him, I've known that for too many years now. 
I have school coming up in January so I'm either going to stay for the 3 months of classes or move before then. Either way it's gotta be quick, calm, and quiet. I hoping by the end of this, I'll have my shit together. I've always told myself I'd be self sufficient and financially stable by 25 and I'm late, but I can still catch up. Thank you reddit community. You guys are amazing.


*********


He says he sees them, walks by and asks for their Instagrams so that they can get to know each other. It's literally a new girl every week if not every few days. He's even attempted to invite one of them on a date that we had planned for my birthday. We never went and didn't get to celebrate my birthday because of it. Another year ruined. Instead of going it turned into an argument where he suggested I go by myself and he go with them. The kicker? I don't get to be on his Instagram. 

&amp;#x200B;

He doesn't want me interacting with his page too much, because he wants attention from other women. I've already talked to him and made my feelings known. He believes it doesn't matter because its not about me. I haven't agreed to any type of open relationship, but that's exactly what he's trying to do. He claims he wont fall in love with another woman, but won't even take me on dates anymore. I will literally set everything up to where we just have to go, and he wont want to. He would prefer to stay home and play the game, but he has taken those same date ideas and have attempted to "hang out" with other girls while doing the same things, and no he doesnt want me coming along. This has proven to me that he knows what he needs to do to treat me how he should, but its like he refuses to. 

&amp;#x200B;

He keeps trying to make it seem like its just a friend thing, but when he gets mad at me he yells his true intentions. Everyone at work knows were a couple, and he's just casually flirting with girls around the same people. People treat me like they pity me so much, and they look at me like they have something to say, but don't want to cause me drama. Especially the managers. It could just be my anxiety but I hate going to work now. 

&amp;#x200B;

My bf thinks I'm being a hypocrite because I talk to people at work, which is funny because a manager was talking to my bf about me, and praised me for not talking to anyone and getting my work done on a regular basis. Anytime i do have to talk to people its because im leading for the day at work. 

I literally have no friends and spend all my time at home, but he's convinced himself that I've been texting someone. He's been using my phone like it's his for months now. 

&amp;#x200B;

We share everything, and we only have 1 car between us for work. He's aware of his toxic behavior but wants to have fun instead, since he's still young. I've tried breaking up but he ends up guilt tripping me into staying, or he will break up with me, leave, and comes back like nothing happened. Everything goes fine as long as I don't talk about it. If I mention anything about him flirting with girls, he just shuts me down and starts getting argumentative. Told me yesterday he wasn't flirting with anybody, just to ask a girl for her Instagram right after. And of course he's only adding girls that are specifically his body type. He told me that he felt like he knew he loved me, because he loved me despite me not being his type. I'm confused to how this guy truly thinks he loves me. I need help, I'm so confused and I don't know what to do at this point. It feels like I'm going crazy trying to keep my sanity. He tells me nothing has to be this hard, but that's only if I give in and give him what he wants. I don't even know why he thinks he deserves that from me...

Edit: Will be responding with an update soon.