(TW) My boyfriend's oldest friend has been accused of and admitted to rape, me and my boyfriend are shocked and disgusted, what do we do?
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) has a friend (also 25M) that he's known since they were about 6. I've never been very keen on the guy, we'll call him 'ben' because he seemingly has no respect for women, for instance, a pretty strong porn addiction, lack of boundaries for women, can be a bit creepy and treated me very differently when I was chubbier and less conventionally attractive, compared to when I lost weight. All in all, I just have never liked the guy. My boyfriend has also grown less fond of him in recent years as he has become more and more unruly and disrespectful in one way or another. However he's a very old friend of my boyfriend's and can be okay in small doses.
This past weekend we threw a house party, (we've been together 5 years and just moved in together for the first time), and Ben was invited. Ben has a girlfriend of about a year, but she wasn't able to make it to the party, so he was by himself. When here he was completely out of order, he offended two of my female friends he'd never met before, made very immature and obscene comments to me and my boyfriend about "filming us", as well as pinning one girl down and triggering her (she has had previous bad experiences with sex and has previously felt taken advantage of) without apologizing or taking it seriously.
As the night went on there was another old schoolmate there (25F) who was equally as drunk as Ben and one thing led to another and, without my boyfriend and I knowing, they slept together. My boyfriend was furious, so disappointed and wouldn't speak to Ben at all the next morning. Weirdly, Ben was acting completely fine, apart from seeming still drunk.
He left the day after, on Sunday, and on the Monday my boyfriend called him to tell him off about cheating on his girlfriend. Ben says he doesn't remember any of it and was devastated when my boyfriend told him about what happened. He immediately got in touch with his girlfriend, we'll call her 'amy', and told her. 
As Ben was a bit blurry on what happened he asked my boyfriend to jump on the videocall and explain what happened to Amy as he couldn't give her answers. Amy was furious, understandably. She was heartbroken and in the heat of the moment mentioned something along the lines of "well now you know who your friend is, he's a cheater, not to mention he raped me repeatedly one evening when he was drunk after a night out, despite me saying no". My boyfriend was horrified and despite Ben being taken aback by Amy saying this, he confirmed it was true. My boyfriend left the call and was so shocked, disgusted and angry. His mum was raped when she was younger and he never expected one of his friends would do that ever.
Following the call, my boyfriend messaged amy asking if she's okay and suggesting some counselling services, as well as encouraging her to discus it with her family, as this call was the first time she'd ever told anyone else about it. She was so grateful and says she is speaking to her family. Meanwhile, my boyfriend also spoke with Ben and gave him a really serious talking to about his disrespectful behaviour to women, how in hindsight a lot of his behaviours could be classed as assault, how his friends/roommates are probably not helping his pattern of behaviour and how he needs to seek serious help before he hurts anyone else again. 
Ben has assured him he is getting help through a service with work and is absolutely devastated as well.
And me and my boyfriend are just in shock. Honestly, I am not particularly surprised, like I say, as a woman who didn't know him for as long, I think I could tell he was acting in really quite troubling ways, but I never expected it too. Obviously my boyfriend is a lot more shocked than me, even though he's jumped straight into fixing mode, trying to make them both better and get them both help for it. 
I love my boyfriend and know he's very much a fixer, and this isn't necessarily a black and white situation on how to handle this. I don't know how to feel but I personally want to tell my boyfriend to not be friends with him anymore. He's already said that he doesn't know what it'll mean in terms of their friendship and he can't focus on that right now, as he feels better desosciating from it all. However I can't imagine being around Ben ever again, it just makes me sick and I wouldn't want to act like I could ever forgive a man who has done that before. I hope my boyfriend feels the same but I know it's not as simple as that and I wouldn't want to make him cut Ben out of his life, but allowing him to stay in our lives and redeem himself somewhat that way would feel almost like condoning what he did and I could never ever support that. 
What do we do? How should we handle the situation?