My(26F) friend keeps asking me(21M) for money and i dont know what to do anymore.
Backstory, we met back in 2018/2019 when i was stationed in Virginia and she was a stripper. We became friends when we bonded over her being ex navy and i am active duty. We talked out side work and made plans to go hang out. Eventually in 2020 I got stationed elsewhere and we could no longer see each other but still texted daily. During this time she NEVER asked for money or anything.

About 2 months after I get restationed she gets pregnant. I'm happy for her and help her pay for medical bills when she needs it cause covid shut down the club she worked at and i didnt see anything wrong in it. Through out the entire pregnancy I ended up helping her move states so she could be with her mom and have free babysitting and work when her mom was off. 

In march she gave birth and she needs help cause she didnt buy a car seat. No big deal help her out. Over the course of the last few months there isnt a paycheck where I didnt give her over half of it to be nice and so she could stay off the streets. Shes had two jobs and got fired from both and gave me vague awnsers as to why. 

Backstory over I recently asked her for a conversation where we sit down and talk about this because I felt like i was being taken advantage off and because this isnt sustainable. I live in the barracks and dont need to pay rent or buy food but I cant afford to buy a car or make long term savings when I'm paying her rent, and baby supplies. Immediatly she goes no contact for 2 days and comes back asking for medicine money and dodged all my attempts to have the conversation i asked for.

 I couldnt handle feeling like that so ive been ignoring her calls and texts. It is nice knowing she cares enough to text every 3 hours and calls twice a day. But i know the instant i start responding I'll be sending her money to buy something within 24 hours. I dont know what to do. I feel like im being taken advantage of but at the same time I know how hard it is to be a single mother in a hard place unable to afford anything.