Don’t know what to do about my girlfriend’s father
Trigger warning: rape, abuse

I’ll start with the beginning, me (22 M) and my girlfriend (19 F) been together for 6 months now. She is my first girlfriend and relationship ever. Yesterday was her father’s birthday, we ate cake and partied then took my gf’s niece to the cinema cause we promised her we will.

Halfway through the movie my girlfriend gets a desperate call from her mother to ask us to please come home, he beat her pretty bad after getting drunk. Indeed she was bruised and bleeding and crying and called her other daughter who lives 2 hrs away and that girl called the police. Soon enough the police was here and I translated for them they dont speak the local language and I heard my gf’s mom telling me “tell the police her father raped her”. My heart dropped, I thought maybe its a silly accusation,she told me in the past her father raped her 2 half sisters who were not his. But never about her. i wanted to believe my gf didnt go through this, maybe she wasnt abused being his daughter, his own flesh and blood. But no it didn’t matter to him.

The police took him in custody and now hes away and I asked my girlfriend about it, she cried and said its true. She told me before he threatene her with a knife for having a boyfriend when she was 17, but didnt tell me the part where he raped her as punishment. How the fuck can you do that to your kids is sickening me, now I know why she hated him so much. I broke down after she told me this, he raped her in the same room with her niece who was 9 at the time. I started crying and she hugged me and we both cried. I never wished harm on another being or death but this guy takes the cake, the biggest bastard I know I hope he fucking dies I wish I could harm him real bad.

Now they want to get an order of restraining, my girlfriend doesnt want to report this she said they wont believe her and this happened in their country. I am going with them to the police to make a statement. I dont know if Im looking ilfor advice or just a place to vent, Im just really stressed.