I (30f) need to leave my husband (33m). I'm struggling. Encouragement needed.
Using an account I forgot I had. 


Saying rocky marriage is an understatement. Dysfunctional, abusive, manipulative, attempted codependency, gaslighting, and one-sided are better descriptors. My family is non-existent when it comes to support.


We've been together for 13 years, but only married for 2. We went through a separation where he chased his wild oats, and I did as well. 


We got back together with a few bumps in the road, but went through group therapy for our individual issues. We healed individually and became an example of a perfectly imperfect couple that could work through anything and love unconditionally. So much so, we lead group therapy groups. I even spoke at many women's retreats. We got married, and Covid hit shortly after. 


We continued to lead therapy groups virtually up until May 2021. It went back to in person 100%, and demand for therapy grew. 100s of attendees instead of dozens, and I was newly found high risk pregnant. I could no longer participate per doctor. 


Things started to decay. 4ish months pregnant. Quarantined. Isolated from my support group. Isolated from anyone, so much so that my groceries were delivered. I even worked from home. I only left the house for doctor appointments. I found foam pedicure sandals (the throw away ones) on the front seat of our family car. I hadn't left the house in months except for the doctor. 


I asked, "where did these come from?"


He immediately yelled, "I have no idea!!! Stop accusing me of crap. You are trying to start a fight for no reason."


I went back inside the house crying. Called a friend from the support group, and she helped talk me through things. I also went to solo counseling a week later. I decided to either drop it and love him, hoping he will turn things around, or leave him. I was high risk pregnant, little to no support other than him, middle of deadly pandemic for pregnant women. I knew we had a chance to work through it. I stayed, and forgave. Looking back, mostly in fear (bad choice).


He kept denying knowing anything about the sandals, but I decided that his denial is his battle and his problem. Not mine. So the subject was totally dropped, and to this day it is a mystery.


Fast forward to the night before thanksgiving, our newborn is crying. Fussy for days. Husband rarely helps, and never long enough for me to get decent sleep. He was on emergency call, but it was a very quiet night. I'm on no sleep again. I woke him up (he had 7 solid hours of sleep at that point) and asked for helped.


Him, "I have work. You can't do this crap to me. I could get a call any minute and I need rest." 


I cried and went back to rocking our baby to sleep in the living room.


The baby finally calmed down enough for me to get 2 hours of sleep. I woke up to my husband gone, so I called him to see when he would be home as we had Thanksgiving plans.


Husband, "not sure. Someone in a different on-call area needed me to fill in. He had a busy night and needed sleep. I'll come home after he gets some decent sleep."


Me, "I need decent sleep and I got yelled at." 


Husband, "this is different. We're handling heavy machinery, you're just at home sitting."


Me, "taking care of a helpless newborn 24/7, all the cleaning, and all the cooking while healing from giving birth is just sitting?" 


Him, "you won't get it. My coworkers are like family." 


Me, "so what am I?" 


Him, "my wife. Any other questions? I need to pay attention."


I'm so tired of this misogynistic bigoted abusive viewpoint my husband now has. This conversation is had daily, just in different forms. He is either cheating (he obviously already has), he truly just does not care anymore, or a combination of both. Either way, I'm treated as a nanny.....a robot....an object....beneath him... I am not a priority in his life anymore and I can't make him want that. I cry daily for the loss of our love and I feel I have become a shell of who I once was. 


Whenever I express how I'm feeling, I am met with him telling me "you always pick the worst time for these conversations. You try to make my life difficult." (I bring it up while he is waiting for work. Or at home watching TV or gaming. Or outside smoking.) It always ends in me crying and him telling me how dramatic I am. 


I miss my best friend.... but he does not miss me. It's obvious. It's painful. I'm very heart broken. Knowing what we had and seeing it burn faster than lint fire... it feels like we went from inseparable best friends to distant acquaintances, and all I do is inconvenience him.


I already contacted an attorney, but I am struggling to hit the "start the process" button. I'm not sure why. I have absolutely nothing to gain staying with him. I no longer get anything positive out of this relationship. How can I get over this hesitancy? How can I walk away? I feel stuck from an invisible blockade, keeping me from freedom.


Please keep it kind. My self-esteem is already sub-floor level. I know it must seem stupid to be hesitant. I feel stupid for it. I want to leave. I think I'm missing a support system? Or the right encouraging words? My sleep deprived brain is making reality a struggle? I'm not sure. It sort of feels like sitting on a cliffs edge, needing to jump down to safety. Safety is necessary, but the jump is ....dangerous? ...scary? Things are seen much better from another's perspective in situations like this.



TDLR. We were the perfect example of a loving and accepting couple. Isolation, pandemic, and loss of support system lit the relationship on fire. We now have a newborn and I'm treated as an object. I can't bring myself to commit to leaving him. Need advise on how I can the hit the "divorce" button.