I (M28) feel as though I’m at my wits end with my sister (16F) and could use some advice
Tldr: Ive taken on a pseudo-guardian role with my sister and I have no idea how to handle a teenager that doesn’t listen.


Obligatory formatting apology: I’m on mobile


Backstory: So a handful of months ago I moved into my Dad’s basement suite with my (now ex) fiancé. My sister took the second bedroom in the suite because we had a family friend move into my sister’s old room. This family friend didn’t know my fiancé, and has a rambunctious puppy who I was worried about harassing my elderly cat, so we just had my sister move in downstairs. We had a long talk about what I expected of her, which she said was more than reasonable. I told her she needed to clean up after herself, and i told her she needed to get Cs in school. 
Fast forward to today: She is not going to school, she’s been skipping for months apparently, she is not really cleaning up after herself at all, and when I ask her to do anything she does about half the job. It is now only her and I since I broke up with my ex, and i feel like I’m being totally taken advantage of. She wants to get a cat, which I feel like is a horrible idea given everything she’s not doing. 
It’s hard to talk to her about these things because every slight criticism becomes some kind of break down. She cries and screams and can throw things. Her mother has been abusive in the past, so I don’t want to have to send her there, and every time Dad tries to talk her, it becomes a huge fight. (He’s good at screaming, not discussing.) I feel like I’ve gone the absolute opposite way and I’m letting her take advantage of me, and at the same time i feel like I’m failing her because there isn’t any real way I can help with her mental health. I know she’s doing herself absolutely no favours not working or going to school, I’m just not sure how to handle this. I didn’t plan on signing up to being the guardian of an incredibly mentally ill teenager - I can barely take care of myself, and I’m working full time. 
If anyone has any advice or insight, I would really appreciate it.