My husband beat cancer and now he’s giving up on our marriage
It’s been six months since my (21f) husband (21m) had a stem cell transplant. This was in conjunction with chemotherapy to help improve his quality of life if the chemo worked as a treatment. He had metastatic brain cancer in his bones, and his chances weren’t good. He still has to worry about the cancer coming back in the future, but the treatment did work, and now he’s back to normal life. 

Except nothing has been normal. He’s been depressed ever since he got home from the transplant. I’ve tried talking to him about it and showing my support. I talked to his family, basically just telling them he’s feeling burned out and asking if they could reach out more. I’ve tried to handle a lot of my own struggles on my own (I have clinical depression and now I’m recovering from pushing that aside to be his caregiver for two years. I’m in counselling and I still work full time.)

This past week, he told me he’s been thinking about it for a few weeks and he doesn’t think he can do this anymore - “this” being our marriage. He says I always take my anger out on him and the past year has been all about me. 

I took a few deep breaths and then told him that’s hard to believe, since in the past year all I’ve done is work and use all my vacation days on being there for his treatments. This summer we used all of our extra money on him getting his dream motorcycle and all the accessories to go with it. We had planned on me getting one too, but it ended up being too expensive so we agreed on him doing the motorcycle course and getting a bike himself. 

I’ve been focused on my therapy and healing. I’ve been going to work every day. I also got basically ghosted by my best after she got married this summer. I’ve had repressed memories and childhood traumas come up in the last month that I’ve been working through basically on my own. My husband knows, but we’ve had a total of two conversations about it, and when I try to bring it up he makes the conversation about something unrelated. 

I said I wanted to go to marriage counselling, since he’s been refusing to see his own therapist or counsellor for the last three years. He finally got himself a counsellor instead… and I feel like it’s too late for that. 

After he told me this week he thought our relationship was over, I snapped. I told him if he was giving up then I wasn’t going to shut up about the pain I’m dealing with anymore. I am always forced to be quiet to listen to him talk about what he’s going through, and I’ve don’t it happily for our entire marriage. And to hear him say those things felt like the ultimate betrayal. 

Now he wants to take it back. He says he never should have said that, and he wants me to give him time to work with his counsellor and heal. But I still think the problem isn’t addressed - he thinks the last year ahead been about me, when our entire marriage has been about him. And he never acknowledged that. He refuses to talk about his treatment and things we were together for, but he makes jokes about his own funeral even though it makes me cry. 

Does anyone have advice? or questions are welcome. I think he’s given up, and snow that he’s verbalized it… part of me just wants to be done.