I (20M) just found out that my dad (57M) has been cheating on my mom (49F) for the past ten years.
I apologize in advance for the disjointedness of this, I only came out yesterday and I just woke up. Also obligatory apologies for typing on mobile.

About a year ago, my parents decided to separate. I was torn up a bit at first, but eventually got over it, as it seemed like this was a mutual decision. My parents didn't seem upset with each other, and at the time me and my mom were living in Florida together, with my dad living with the rest of our family in ohio. Unfortunately we had to move back up north in August of last year, as my mom lost her job due to covid. My dad, little brother (13M) and older brother (22M) still lived at the family house, but shortly after us moving in was able to rent the house on the other side of the driveway from us. him moving out meant my sister (24F) had room to move in, finally bringing our family back together after ages. It was supposed to bring us closer together.

Yesterday evening after being picked up from work by my sister, I noticed on the car ride back that she was upset. I asked her what was wrong and she informed me that my father was inviting a "friend" that he met on secondlife (an adult MMORPG game) in February to stay with him for a few days. Now, my parents are, as I said before, separated, so I wasn't too upset by this, he's allowed to date people if he wants, he's an adult. I would have been totally fine with this, were it not for the fact that she wasn't the first. In fact, she's one of many women he's been speaking to and engaging in adult rps with in the past 10 years. My parents have barely even been separated for a year. 

My mom was well aware of this happening, but stayed to try and work things out and be there for her family. She didn't want us to grow up without a dad or mom, and she never wanted us to find out about all this. But that's honestly not the worst of it all. With this chick he's inviting over, he's asked my mom to take my little brother (essentially kicking him out) while this lady is over, and then had the audacity to ask my mom to cook for her. He cheated on her for 10 years, resulting in the end of their marriage, and then decides to sex out his own son from his own house and ask my mom to cook for his European floozy. And I don't know what to do now. My dad's been my hero my whole life, the man I looked up to as an example. But to find all of this out, I'm disgusted. He broke the heart of the most wonderful, intelligent, and kind woman I've ever known, and he doesn't even seem to realize what he did was wrong. I'm angry, and upset, and so lost.

 I'm typing this still laying in bed, and I don't even know if I want to come into work today. I'd rather stay in bed and hide from everything, I don't want to be around people. What do I do? How do I move past this? Am I even able to?