I (26 M) feel like I am losing sexual attraction to my girlfriend (26 F)
Sorry if this kind of post is common here. My girlfriend and I have been together for 3 years and have been living together for close to a year. I love her very very much and we are a great team; our finances are equal, we see to each other's emotional needs, our communication is great and completely open and we know how to talk to each and meet each other where were at, we keep each other accountable, we have fun together and she is my best friend. We are both go getters and hard working. We fully intend on getting engaged and married in the next one to three years. I am very happy and I do believe she would say the same. The only thing that has come up recently is a decrease in sex. She is objectively very beautiful and I do feel she is but I have felt like I have lost some sexual attraction over the last few months. As far as how our "looks" matchup (which I think is stupid but people always ask) we are both considered attractive, our friends often comment on how "hot" of a couple we are or how beautiful our kids will be (again, I think its a stupid metric). Our sex drives are different, hers is pretty high and for a guy I would say mine is probably lower than normal and it always has been. She definitely has noticed the decrease in sex and we've talked about it a number of times and I don't want it to start to cause real issues with us. It's not that I cant have sex with her, I can and do but I would stay it's becoming more and more something I am not that into. I can go into why maybe I am not as sexually attracted to her more in the comments if need be but I am not sure if that is totally relevant or not. As far as my personal habits go I do masturabe/watch porn some, not a ton and I plan to cut that out to help with this issues. I suppose I am just looking for guidance on how to resolve this issue because I am definitely not going to tell her I am not that sexually attracted to her and I do want to be, I may just need some help getting there. Thanks in advance for giving me your time.