Realized I'm bi after getting married; not sure how to cope with my feelings now.
Edit: I'm not going to be responding to this anymore. I've shown my husband this post and we have talked. He never got the feeling like I wanted to cheat or I wasn't happy with our marriage. He understands my concerns and thought process, and is supportive. Thanks for the helpful comments.


Using a throw away account because I may get backlash for my feelings that I don't want associated with my main account.

I'm a 25 y/o female, and I've been married to my 24 y/o husband for about 4 years now. First some relevant background info for my question(s):

I grew up in a very conservative, religious household where I had no idea any sexuality besides hetero existed until I was in my first year of high school. I had a couple of girl friends growing up that I felt very close to, and I remember thinking to myself "if I was a boy, I'd want to date her". Looking back, I can see many times I believe I was attracted to girls but didn't even know that could be a thing. Once I got out of my house and was able to start thinking for myself, I realized I'm most likely bi, and I feel like I've missed out on the opportunity to explore that part of my sexuality.

I've told my husband those feelings, at least my feelings of disappointment that I wasn't able to explore that part of myself. He's been very supportive and says he understands. He's a good man and I love him so much, which is why I'm struggling so much with my feelings of disappointment. If I'm so happy with my marriage, I shouldn't feel disappointed at all, right? Why do I want to see if I can have a relationship with a girl when I already have a good relationship with my husband?  I feel sad when I think about how I'll live my life never knowing, but I also know that I shouldn't feel that way. I certainly don't have a perfect marriage, but there aren't any real issues that would cause me to need to leave either. Sometimes I don't feel exactly "fulfilled" in the relationship, but I don't know if that's because I grew up to have too high of expectations, or maybe I'm just in a rough place in time. I don't know if that makes sense.

I'm just trying to make sense of my feelings. I'm not sure how to cope with them. I am mostly wondering if there is anyone else out there who have experienced something similar, or if anyone has any advise for me. Thank you to anyone who takes the time to read.

Tldr: basically the title; realized I'm bi after getting married, not sure how to move forward.