I (31M) found suspicious text from Wife (30F) to male coworker.
Hello reddit,

Me (31M) and my wife (30F) have been married for 8 years. We've never had to deal with jealousy or trust issues but I recently stumbled across a conversation with her male coworker that I've been trying hard to let go but can't. Our son was playing on her IPad and somehow got into the text messaging app and wanted me to fix it for him. I've never went through my wife's personal messages and never had a reason too. While closing the app it was on a text conversation to her male coworker and a glanced at it and it said that I have been staying at my brother's for a week and that her life is falling apart and that she doesn't feel like going into work that day. First thing is I haven't been staying at my brother's at all and second, everything in our life has appeared to be fine and things still are. I've been brushing it off as she was making a reason to not go into work that day but I don't understand why she would lie about me to him. It's been 3 weeks since since this occurred. I'm just searching for advice on this issue.

TL;DR - Accidently saw suspicious text from my wife to her male coworker lying about me being at my brother's for a week and that her life is falling apart.

UPDATE - Alright, so I did go through the entire text conversation with this coworker to gain some context and I didn't see anything that was concerning. Most of, if not all were work related texts regarding scheduling etc. I did see a text explaining to him that I'm the only support system she has and that her and our family come first when it comes to when she's available to work and having to take off to handle at home responsibilities. I did however ask her about the suspicious text and she simply said she didn't want to go in that day and used that as an excuse. She did say she can see why it would look bad and that everything between us are good. I feel confident she is telling the truth by her demeanor while bringing this up. I know it's a bit anticlimactic but at least I don't have to hire a divorce attorney. If any new info arises I will post an update.