Me (29M) falling for my ex and friend (31M) 7 years later
Hey, throwaway because I’m not sure if he’s on this sub. This is a long story and probably uninteresting, but idk who to talk to without a bias opinion.

I (M, 29) dated a guy (I‘ll call him Jack, 31) about 7 years ago. We met in college, and we both fell hard and fast for each other. He was and still is amazing in every way (even though he might not see it sometimes). We were so in love…although growing into the man I am now, we were just boys when we met, unsure of ourselves and our future. We both went to college in a medium-sized Midwest town, and I basically had to make the decision to either pursue graduate school or be with him. I chose my career. We tried to make it work long-distance initially, but it just was just too hard. That choice has given me opportunities I didn’t even know were possible - extremely thankful and blessed to be where I am career-wise, but it definitely was a hard-fork in my life and always makes me question, “what if”.

When he called it off, I was devastated, but we both realize now we had a lot of growing to do. He moved to a big city out east, I took some time without contacting him (it hurt too much). Eventually I made contact, and I tried to initiate something (again, looking back it was the wrong time for me as I was still in school). I wrote a huge letter, which I found out recently he’s kept to this day. I didn’t know it then, but he met somebody in the city (I’ll call him Greg) and was completely transparent to me about him…after learning this, I embraced both of them as friends. We’ve both worked really hard on our friendship, with some bumps along the way.

Jack and Greg moved to the west coast together, as did I after I finished my PhD but in a different city. I made a couple jumps with my job, and fell in love again briefly (calling him Kyle), although it didn’t work out (was in a different country, moved back to the states). Throughout all this time, Jack and I have grown in our friendship, and he’s really opened up with me about his relationship with Greg. He eventually left him, as he is super toxic. I’ve been visiting him platonically, we even joke about hooking up with boys while I’m there…like any other gay male friendship.

Recently though I’ve felt some tension, especially when drinking. He recently told me I’m the only one that he was ever proud of to call his. It was a real vulnerable thing to talk about for him (he rarely does this), and when I pressed he kind of shut down and that was the end of it. We’ve worked so hard to make this friendship what it is, and I value it so much. I have started having feelings I haven’t had for years and I know I’m falling in love with him again. I’m flying down to visit him soon for a quick weekend, and I want to know if it’s a good idea to share with him what I’m feeling. I‘m not sure what I’m expecting as a response (or expecting anything for that matter). But it’s been true agony…I can’t get him out of my head, and we’re both in a position now (both work remotely, both on the west coast) where if something were to be rekindled, now is the time. But I’m not sure if he feels the same, or even if he’s ready (he was with Greg for 3 years and just broke up about 6 months ago, with me breaking up with Kyle shortly after.

Should I be real with him? I don’t want to lose his trust or make it an awkward friendship after we’ve developed something really worth keeping. But I don’t know if I can keep on pretending like I’m not falling for him again.

TLDR; I’m falling for my ex 7 years later, should I confess my love to him?