UPDATE: Partner (32F) says I’m perfect, but unsure about building a future with me (29M) after going to her best friend’s wedding
We broke up after I found out she cheated on me pretty much immediately after the wedding we went to.  She kept texting me, but the texts seemed to become increasingly less affectionate each day. I learned that she is leaving me to get back with the guy she left me for last time, who she left to get back with me. I am deeply disappointed and feel pretty numb, tbh. She often expressed how he was not a very attentive or considerate partner and was not particularly good in bed (which I wish I didn't know, even if she meant it as a compliment to me.) I figured he was out of the picture after he had a bad public freakout and embarrassed himself, while putting his hands on her and showing up to her place sobbing after calling her 30 times when she refused his advances and told him she and I were together.

We had a conversation last night, likely our last. She acknowledged that I was the better partner but for whatever reason cannot see herself marrying me, despite trying to. I asked her if she thinks she will marry him and she said she believes so. She flipped flopped a few times at dinner saying she doesn't know whether or not she will marry him, but currently has very strong feelings for him. She mentioned that one of the selling points of her getting back together with him was that he agreed to go to therapy after his breakdown and would allow her to keep me in her life if she wanted. I told her I had no interest in being platonic friends and that I felt she was making a big mistake if she did end up marrying him. Her family and some of her friends were surprised and upset by her choice to get back with him.

I told her that I hope she finds someone who does treat her well that she is sure about marrying and reiterated that, as someone who was involved in her life that she may regret the decision to get back with him. She acknowledged there are definite red flags and hid her head in my arms when I showed her her sister's response to us breaking up/ cheating on me. We walked out of the bar, held each other for a while, and went our separate ways.

I don't know what will happen with her, but now I'm left to pick up the pieces. I am still pretty sad, as this all happened in the span of the last 3 days, but I hope to continue working on myself. I take solace in knowing I was a good partner who was adored by her friends and family. I hope I will find someone who possesses her good, fun qualities but that I can trust and is sure about me. I am not as despondent or angry as the last two times we broke up, but still feel pretty sad (depressed?) This will likely sting for a while.

**TL;DR**: She cheated on me, said she didn't see herself marrying me after the wedding and quickly feels like she wants to marry her crazy ex. We broke up, I'm very bummed, and don't think I can ever be this person's friend.