Classmate made me feel very uncomfortable.
I am a young female and I'm pretty quite. I'm not shy though. My classmate who is a older man in his 40s, began talking to me. I chatted with him since he's in my group and since I'll be stuck with him during my whole entire program. We text about assignments and became friends over time. He is married and always tells me I remind him of his sister little sister who is my age. I viewed it as him seeing me as a "child/someone young". I didn't think he was weird just Friendly.
My birthday came and he bought me a gift and he started messaging me more. He tried hard to made sure I understood material and would offer to study with me. I'd always decline. 
He then became quite pervy through text and I just brushed it off since I didn't want to start drama. I'd expected him to stop after awhile. I told him to stop being gross and if his wife knew he acted like this.
I would stop messaging him and he'd start spamming me. I would wait for my ride on a bench and he go a sit next to me offering me a ride etc. I always told him no. He grabbed my jacket and began to smell it and I looked at him like wtf. He told me he wanted to know what I smelt like he also said he wants to hug me and he'd always ask for one. I always said no. 
One day he started acting funny and them messaged me why I was acting weird. I said I wasn't. He said "I know you like me more than just friends" I was like wtf. I messaged back "tf I dont" 
He got really mad and started insulting me. I told him I was confused and he shouldn't be acting like his since he's way older and married. He told me to stop acting like victim and that he was being so nice to me etc. 
I decided to ignore him. He then proceeded to spam me angrily and after a while his txt became apologies. I ignored everything. He then messaged me on 3 different platforms to get my attention. 
I messaged my professor to not put us into the same classes every again. The creep messaged me saying not to tell anyone because it'll make US look bad. Tf only makes him look bad. I told him to leave me alone. 
Hes one of the louder talkative people in class and I really dont want him spreading lies about me since I keep to myself and I'm quite. This situation was scary and I refuse to drop from my program. 
What do yall think?

There is more creepy incidents but I can't fit all of it in.