Friend constantly brags about her looks and the male attention she recieves
So I (f21) have this friend (f22) and we met through work about 4 months ago. We've become quite close since, to the point of going for meals, going shopping together, etc.

Two months ago, her boyfriend broke up with her - I think it hit her confidence pretty hard and since then she has somehow become insufferable to be around. Her entire personality now revolves around men. Like, I'm not being dramatic when I say that it is genuinely the only thing she talks about.

She's constantly talking about the tons of men she's currently 'speaking to' on Tinder and showing me the messages they send her (usually inappropriate, sexualised messages, not sweet ones- but she acts like they're sweet), and the only time she even talks to me now is if it's about men because I'm probably the only one who listens these days.

She talks about all the s\*x she's having in detail, about random old men approaching her in the street, she even said the guy I liked at the time was more likely to go for her!!! (even though he went for me lol). When we go out for drinks she immediately assumes every guy is interested in her. She'll get in a really bad mood if she gets no male attention on a night out and wants to go home. It's so draining!

She's even started bragging about how pretty she thinks she is, and she says it at least ten times a day. She also posts tons of selfies etc every day all from the same angle. I guess she's gathered that impression from the male attention she's getting but if I'm honest, she's objectively not very attractive and she purposely goes out of her way to get the attention that she brags about. Some male coworkers/friends have told me that too.

All of this wouldn't annoy me at all if she at least talked about other things but it's so jarring at this point, especially when she makes personal digs at me like she tries to make me jealous. She also recently slept with our male friend who HAS A GIRLFRIEND of four years and she sees no issue with it, and would prob do it again. There's boy-crazy and then there's just straight obsession.

At this point I wouldn't introduce my next boyfriend to her because she'd try her hardest to sleep with him, just to 'prove a point'? It's almost like she thinks it's a competition when really I'm at a stage in life where I can't be bothered with men at all because I'm focusing on my career, interests, fashion, developing myself etc.

Before you tell me to just cut her off, it's more complicated than that- she's in my close social group and nobody else seems to see the issue with her behaviour because they don't get to see it as much as I do. It also sucks because I really liked our friendship before she turned into this, she was way more interesting. I'm so close to rolling my eyes and speaking my mind the next time she mentions the word 'guy' but I can tell she's insecure and I do feel empathy. It's just getting too much now. Sorry for the long old post, I just wanted to get it off my chest.

Another interesting thing to add is that she has barely any female friends, maybe like two at most and has said before that 'girls don't like her' and she doesn't like girls either because she thinks they're jealous of her (I promise they're not).

Any advice on how I can gently show that I really don't care for any of this sh\*t and her behaviour is really tiring? I just wish she'd get a hobby or something. I'm tired of her projecting her insecurities.