My (m) ex was arrested tonight after she wouldn’t stop being abusive… I feel lower than I’ve ever felt before
This has been going on for a couple years where my ex, while we were together would be physically, emotionally, and sexually abusive towards me. She would believe I was having affairs and living some double life when in reality, I woke up to love, adore, and serve that woman like she’s the only other person in the world. I recognize that being devoted to someone that is like that towards you is toxic in itself, and by allowing her behavior to continue while excusing it as “she is having a bad day”, “she’s really stressed today”, “things will get better”, or even “she is right, I must not be good enough”. 

Earlier this month she broke up with me after another accusation that I’m having an affair because her intuition is telling her that I’m a lieing cheater. Still though, she still used me and asked me to help her with some of her needs. I still cooked meals for us all the time, prepped her lunches for work, and at night we would still hold eachother until she would snap around 4am every morning and begin with telling me how worthless of a man I was, verbally attacking my family (which are amazing, kind hearted people that welcomed her with open arms). Then the physical violence would start, sometimes that was first while I was asleep, and the shock of waking up to a punch in the head, and followed up with a tirade of vile accusations to me, my character, and my family.

This morning after she hit me, I warned her I would call the police, and actually followed up. 

They came and arrested her, my heart sank and crushed under pressure. I did not want her to go to jail, her crying and pleas for me to help her are a pain I’ll never forget, and the guilt I feel from that has me currently paralyzed. I thought the police would just ask her to go to her parents house. She has friends and family, I’m not from this town, I don’t have people I can just stay with. I feel so guilty, I’m in so much pain and I hate myself, I’m ashamed and the thought of doing something to cause her harm like this is gut wrenching. I don’t know if I did the right thing. I feel this cold dense ball of guilt and shame, how could I have done this to someone I love and care for so much. I decided to write and share this with strangers online because I don’t know what else to do at this point and I can’t keep this bottled up inside. Where do I go from here? How can I help her? Why can’t I consider myself and my needs in any of this? She was so abusive and toxic, and I can’t stop caring about her and wanting to be here for her.