I think my (20F) girlfriend (19F) might be struggling with binge eating and I don't know how to approach it.
Long time reddit lurker, first time posting, because I don't know who in my life to get advice from about this without potentially embarrassing my girlfriend.

My girlfriend and I were best friends for over a year before we started dating six months ago.  I knew I loved her before we even got together; she's the best person I have ever met and is just the light of my life.  I tried to write this post before but it ended up just paragraphs about how much I love her, so I'll leave the context at that!

I'm beginning to worry about her eating habits.  She's always eaten more food than me, and we both *love* good food, it was never an issue- but lately I'm starting to get concerned.  I struggled with BED (binge eating disorder) through most of my life up until a few years ago, so I understand the mental and physical toll it can take on you.  I'm noticing my girlfriend doing all the same things I did back when I struggled with binging, but as I was super defensive of my eating habits back then, I don't know how to approach the topic with her without it being read as insensitive.

I worry about the emotional toll it takes on her, because she's expressed insecurity to me over her weight gain over the past year.  I'm used to her saying she's gonna start working out regularly and just generally acknowledging that she's gained weight, to which I try to be supportive but neutral- I try to never associate weight with morality or value, largely because of my experience with BED.  Also because, though, from an "attractive-ness" standpoint, I couldn't care less what she weighs.  She would be as equally beautiful to me whether she was 150lbs or 350lbs- I love her for her, not for her body.  But recently, for the first time she expressed to me that she was truly unhappy with her body and her weight gain; I could tell how frustrated she was.  It hurt to see her hurt like that because she deserves all the happiness in the world.

And while I don't care about her weight in the *least* regarding my feelings for her, the physical toll of it worries me as well.  She'll eat until she feels sick, and back when she worked at a fast food place, she would even throw up sometimes as a result of how sick she felt (she wouldn't make herself throw up, it was entirely a result of how much greasy food she would eat).  She got a new job a few months back, and the situation started to look up a little bit, but now that she's settled into her new routine she's found new ways to binge.  Honestly, sometimes when I'm with her when she's eating, it makes *me* feel sick just from thinking about having that much food in my stomach.  We're fairly active people, we both work somewhat active jobs, and we have dogs that we take out for walks &amp; hikes, and we also bike and skate (both kinds!) from time to time.  But as the binging has progressed, I can see that these things that she loves are becoming a little harder for her, and I can tell that upsets her as well.  I want her to continue to be able to do these things that she loves so much, but I know the longer this goes on the harder those things will be.

It's also extremely frustrating when I want to spend time with her but she wants to spend time with food.  Last time she was over at my place, told me she had had a breakfast bagel before she came over, but that she was still hungry, so then she began snacking at my house.  I made her a healthy, filling meal (that's also one of her favorite meals) to try to curb the binge I knew was coming but it didn't work.  She went on to eat over 1200 calories worth of *my* food in one sitting, and afterwards she asked if we could go to the grocery store to get *more* food.  It's more time consuming than I think she realizes- I wanted to spend time with her, but realistically we couldn't even simply talk that much, let alone cuddle or have sex or do something fun, because of the time spent eating.  It's even gotten to the point that when I buy myself food that I'm excited about, I have to hide it so she won't eat it after I go to bed.  My sister, who I live with, has started to do the same thing (she's always shared food with my girlfriend, they get along, but lately it's become extreme).

I don't know how to approach this with her.  I want her to know that I'm worried about her health &amp; happiness, and I definitely don't want her to be under the impression that it has anything to do with how I feel about her or how she looks.  I wouldn't want to accidentally say any of the wrong words to plant those kinds of insecurities in her mind, because like I said- I don't care that she's gained weight.  The only thing I care about is how she feels.  

TLDR; My girlfriend has been binge eating and she's starting to see the affect of it, I don't know how to approach the topic without hurting her feelings.