I (M) just don't know what to do.
I (M) am married to my (F) wife. We have been married for almost 10 years. We also have two children who are amazing.

My wife is an amazing person from the outside looking in. She treats me like absolute dirt - she can do whatever she wants at any time, but if I have to even work more than 15 minutes out of my normal day, then she's in a bad mood for the rest of the day. One time I was invited to a work Christmas party - I was only there for about an hour - when I was coming home I tried calling her - she kept on sending me to voicemail. Once I got home she had locked me out of the house with a change of clothes on the doorstep - I stayed in my car that night with temps almost below freezing.

She has always boasted that she never really loves me and will take any opportunity to leave me if it presents itself - she also states that she will take all my money and my kids away from me.  I know I may not be the best husband, but I try really hard. I also know that I may not be the best dad, but she reminds me that I am not a good father to my children at all. I feel like such an idiot.

Last year she went out with her friends and when she came home plastered drunk she told me that she hates me, hates her life and wishes that she never even met me. She said that she regrets having kids with me and thinks about it ever day.

I am completely heartbroken. I can't sleep at night. I feel sick all the time. I hardly ever eat and I feel like I just don't have the energy to even live anymore. I have hefty life insurance - so I guess if I were gone she would at least have my money and me gone.

I am not suicidal at all, so please don't take it that way. I love my life as bleak as it may sound and I love my children. I am an avid outdoorsman and I love teaching them new skills in the outside world.

Any chance she gets, she puts me down. She snaps at me at the slightest thing and she's starting to talk like she doesn't care about me in front of my children.

Ever since we got together, she has always pushed my friends away. Now, I have none - so I literally have no one to talk to or if I wanted to leave, I just can't. I feel like I am stuck with no one to talk to or unable to do anything. I feel useless and unloved.

Ugh, I bet this post probably seems like just a lot of rambling and I am sorry if it seems that way. I am just confused and tired about what to do.

What can I do?

Should I just leave in the night and never return? Does anyone have a spare bed they're willing to lend me?