My (27 M) GF (26 F) slept in the same bed with her straight friend (26 M) at a retreat but claimed nothing happened
First off this happened a month ago. She went to a retreat vacation with some friends she claimed only one room was left and it had double beds in the description but when they got there it was just one bed. She said the room had hardwood floors and just one duvet. By the time they got there it was late and the workers were not available for a complaint so she slept in the same bed with her friend. She claims they have been friends for 5 years and there's no romantic feelings but like wtf??? So I asked if anything happened and she said no that the only thing they did was a "good night hug" she also said on one night he tried to kiss her and She stopped him. She usually sleeps in her underwear and I asked if she was fully clothed...she said she was but Apptly her friend was in his underwear. Again she keeps claiming nothing happened?? Am I missing something?? Also the next day she told the complex and they apologized for the room situation and said they couldnt change it so she asked for another duvet. For the rest of the retreat 3 more nights they slept in the same bed but different duvets. She confessed that when they slept in separate duvets she was in her underwear. She never told me about this i was sending myself a selfie from her phone to me and saw a selfie of two of them in bed throwing the middle finger to the camera....again she was dressed he wasn't I assume this was the first night. I just dont know why she didn't call me to tell me. I'm creeped out by this but she claims she would never cheat on me and was crying saying that I dont trust her. But like you didn't tell me??? You were wearing a thong next to a guy wearing his boxers, you guys are both attractive so of course im worried. Like you could share the same bed with another girl or something. Idk we have been togetheer a year now...what do you all think? I'm interested to also hear from women on here