Struggling with the fact that my (M22) friends are close with my abusive ex (F21)
My post history might give a bit of insight to the history I have with my ex (although it doesn’t really scratch the surface of what went down. things continued and only got worse over the next couple years that I didn’t post here). 
Nevertheless, a bit of background info. Dated her for a year, we broke up but stayed extremely close and after a while she started to get extremely aggressive and violent towards me, we both cared pretty deeply about each other so I stuck around and she was severely attached to me. I couldn’t be friends with girls because it would cause huge fights despite us not being together. It was a bit of a nightmare, but the codependency kept it going. 
During this time, due to another incident of violence towards one of her close friends, her circle of female friends completely cut her out. She was left with me as her only support network, and it was extremely emotionally taxing and I would often bare the brunt of her upset. She would often threaten suicide if I didn’t do as she asked and I felt completely trapped. In a last ditch effort to help her, I introduced her to a circle of my own friends, including my best mates partner. My best mate knew that she had been abusive to me in the past, but I hadn’t mentioned to him that it was still happening because I wanted them to embrace her so she had some friends. They hit it off, and now my mates partner and my ex are extremely close, as well as a few of the other girls from that group.

Start of this year, after finally accepting that I didn’t want to be with her romantically, she ventured elsewhere and is now in a relationship, which I am happy for her. However, the second this happened I literally didn’t hear a word from her, she just disappeared from my life immediately and I’ve been left feeling like I copped everything I did for nothing. I’ve more or less come to terms with that, but I’m really starting to struggle with her being so close with my friends. I’ve since told my best mate that the abuse had actually continued up until the new guy came around, but he’s very much adopted a “there’s two sides to every story” approach to it. I guess that’s fair, but it seriously bothers me. I tell him about an incident where I genuinely feared for my life with her, and he will be empathetic, but then will still socialise with her and say she’s a great friend for his partner. Meanwhile, I no longer see his partner as a friend of mine but of hers, and feel seriously uncomfy in that group. 

I don’t know what to do. I feel like I could never cut ties with my friends and feel that if I do that it only makes me look bitter, but I seriously am struggling with the fact that I just can’t rid my life of my ex given she’s so intwined in my social circle.

Edit: also probably important to note that I have always felt kinda weak to talk about this with my friends. Maybe it’s the stigma of being a male victim of abuse that’s just made me embarrassed about it. I remember one time a stranger sorta smirking at me after she hit me in the street, and feel like my friends would be a lot more empathetic if the roles were reversed idk