My (27M) girlfriend (26F) won't wake up in the morning and it's getting out of hand, what do I do?
My (27M) girlfriend, K, (26F) has work at 9AM; I have work a little earlier, at 8AM, but the real difference is that she works from home, I don't. I've been able to get up and out the door just fine, but K never wakes up on time for work. So far she's been able to avoid getting caught more than a couple of times but most days she sleeps in until after 10AM and sometimes as late as noon! It's been going on a long time, too; probably since April or May. It doesn't matter if she's at her place or mine, if she sets an alarm or alarms, or even if I try to wake her up when I get up. I've even tried setting an earlier bedtime--we go to bed by 10pm most nights so that we can both get plenty of sleep. She always talks about how bad she feels waking up so late, and I try to empathize because I know it can't feel good, but nothing ever changes. We're trying to save for an apartment together, and I've even been considering engagement rings (we've been together nearly five years), but I feel like this could seriously affect our financial future and I'm at my wit's end; what if she gets fired, or doesn't get the raise she's been hoping for (frankly she needs the money, and while I believe in mostly separate finances, she doesn't)--has anyone else had this kind of problem? What can I do? Thank you for reading, and for any advice you might have!

tl;dr
My GF won't wake up for work in the morning and while she's gotten away with it so far, it can't be sustainable. I've tried alarms, waking her up, going to sleep earlier, but we don't live together and even when we are together I have to leave long before she has to be up. What can I do?

Edit: She doesn't take criticism well--her parents are abusive, seen it myself--and is prone to bursting into tears, minimizing the problem, and taking it personally; so I'd appreciate advice on how to approach it gently, as well.

Edit 2: I realize that my description implies she's sleeping that whole time--she definitely oversleeps but more like 10 hours a night as opposed to 12 or 14. When we go to bed at 10pm (when we're sleeping together) she often falls asleep with me, but if we're apart she'll stay up on TikTok or Youtube, and sometimes does the same with me.

Edit 3: She's definitely depressed, and she sees a psychiatrist as well as a therapist, but beyond telling me she feels bad about herself when she sleeps in, she doesn't really talk about it, and I don't see her (or hear her) really making any attempts to improve, in macro or micro terms. I empathize, but honestly I need more effort.