My boyfriend (30M) has a "thing" for spending money on women but I (25F) don't know how to feel about that.
(I'm new to Reddit so I don't know if this is the right sub to post this)

We met almost a year ago but started dating a few weeks back. Before we started dating, we had a very good friendship. We spent a lot of time together (both in groups and one-on-one) and the attraction just grew over time. I'd say we have a really good foundation.

It started at the beginning of our friendship. Each time we met up, he always paid for me even when I insisted on paying my half or paying him back. This happened even when we hung out with a group of people; everyone would pay for themselves and he would always pay for me. I initially thought he was just being a gentleman and then as time passed I thought it was because of the feelings we were developing for each other. And because he never did this for other women in our group, that became my final conclusion.

Fast forward to us officially beginning to date a few weeks ago. I asked him to join me while I shopped for Christmas clothes and he ended up paying for my clothes. I asked him for his account number to transfer the money back (nearly 400EUR) and he refused. He went on to tell me that if I ever needed anything, I should just ask him and not pay for it myself. He said this includes food or if I go beyond my utility usage in a month.

Later that evening, I told him I really appreciated that but that I don't want him to go such an extra mile for me because I can take care of myself. I told him that I really like that he pays for dates but if he pays for everything of mine, then it would make me feel too awkward or feel like I have to give it back somehow (I have a history of childhood trauma and an abusive relationship so I'm going to therapy for 2 years now. I have a fear of abandonment and also struggle to let people help me). He knows all of this so he understood but told me it's something he really wants to do anyways.

After a bit of a back and forth, he then admitted spending money on me turns him on. He said its something that usually turns him on when dating a woman but the two exes he had were very feminist and insisted on 50/50. But he says he would really like that to not be the case because its part of what makes sex so good with me. He says that every time he paid for me before we started dating, he'd go home and masturbate to my pictures and imagine how happy I was that he bought me coffee or paid for our dinner. He said he felt proud he could take of care of me so buying my Christmas clothes really turned him on. He said during sex he thinks about how hot it is that he knows he can take care of me and spend money on me. (He has a good job so money isn't an issue for him, and neither for me).

I thanked him for telling me the truth and told him I don't judge his kink if that's what it is. We ended up talking for hours about it because I wanted to know what it was exactly rhat got him going and why it turned him on so much. I made sure not to sound judgemental and was open to hearing him out as much as possible. We ended ul having sex and during it he said he was happy I understood him. 

I've never heard of this kink before. And while I don't have an issue with him wanting to do this, I'm really afraid that it will backfire. What if it turns out controlling? What if he eventually expects me to pay him back? I'm also afraid that this will be something that can be used against me. I've never dated someone with this mindset/kink/thing before as my ex was hard-core 50/50 type of guy and I barely dated back then.

These are fears I want to address with my therapist but she's on bereavement leave for the next few weeks.