Updated: I looked through the computer and he broke up with me.
My partner (27 M) and I (22 F) had been together for about a year. We had never really shared phones or passcodes via their request for personal space. I understood and never really pushed back, I wanted my space too. Time progressed and he begun to act differently. He stuck to his phone like glue, no dinner, date, or conversation was without the company of his phone in front of his face, blocking any words I was trying to exchange with him. Conversations were filled with hums and nods when I spoke but in turn I had to give them my full undivided attention. The only time his phone didn’t divide us was during intercourse, which was only a temporary fix. It came to a point that I was only invited to his home, it seemed, to do the deed then get kicked to the curb. Finally I snapped, I needed to see what was keeping his attention on such a tight leash, why did he lose interest in me so suddenly? I tried talking to him at first but he was not interested in hearing my pleas. Every time I brought up my anxiety around his phone I was met with an eye roll or an explanation on why looking through his phone wouldn’t fix anything. My anxiety was apparently a fluke. I tried to forget about it and move on with my life, my gut thought otherwise. The opportunity arose one night when he had left his computer open, and I took the bait. I immediately logged on and saw he had been messaging other women on social media. I noticed several pictures being shared back and forth, some bordering nudes, I saw red. I tried focusing on the words but everything was a blur, I was scrolling way to quickly to even make sense of the words anyway. He was alerted to what I was doing and immediately took back his computer and logged out. My heart sank, I had already suspected as much but I didn’t want it to be true. We fought, he obviously denied it being an inappropriate conversation. Stated, ‘She’s a friend, what I can’t have friends? Those are old pictures, there is nothing between us!’ He apologized briefly for hurting my feelings but then immediately jumped to how I had ‘broken his trust’, and made me apologize for going through his things. I understood what I had done was wrong but it didn’t minimize what I had found. I apologized wholeheartedly for crossing a boundary he had set but, I wanted to see the rest of the conversation, this time with him. Together as we should have in the first place. ‘We shouldn’t make any rash decisions, we can move past this,’ he told me that night, I agreed. We went our separate ways for the rest of the day trying to give each other time to cool down. I never got to see the rest of the conversation. He broke up with me the next day, ‘You are too emotional and too much to handle. I’m sorry, I just don’t think we are compatible. I’ve been thinking about breaking up with you for a while.’ I was devastated. I pleaded with him, ‘What happened to trying? What happened to us figuring things out?’. I was ready to put in the work to make our relationship stronger, he had made his decision. I was an emotional wreck for weeks, regretting ever going through that stupid computer. It’s been months now and I’ve accepted things as they are and tried to move past this. Tried being the key word. 

Was I in the wrong for looking through his computer?

TL;DR!- Looked through my partner’s computer and found him messaging other women on social media, broke up with me stating I violated his boundaries.