Destroyed my life
I’m a 19 year old male and have had a very irregular life. 
Never had a good childhood, lived in 18 houses by the time I turned 19 due to a lack of finances and have a very small and unstable family. No males, just me, my mum, two aunties and my grandmother. 

I was a very intelligent and good looking kid. When I started secondary school this was a bit overwhelming because I never thought of it, everything came easy to me, popularity, strong friendships, girls, good grades.
Once I realised this I felt unstoppable and had this feeling of life will always be this way. Being like this drove my ego through the roof. I started smoking weed after school everyday at 13 then it slowly became party drugs every weekend and going to school through the week. Life was moving fast and so much was happening. This feeling of being unstoppable was destroying me in disguise, I was living my life like I had turned 21. I looked old for my age and had a lot of older friends, which allowed me to do these things. 
My expectations for the future became non existent and I was fully focused on the moment, nothing mattered to me.
Age 16 these experiences along with drug abuse changed me as a person, I lost myself without realising it. That once 12 year old with enormous expectations for his future had died. 
Then at age 16 I suffered a traumatic injury, my cheekbone and orbital bone had fractured from being in a fight, my treatment was delayed and the surgeons decided not to operate because the bones had healed, little did I know how drastic this would impact my life. My face and eye is now permanently deformed, my hair also started to fall out and never grew back, I’m now borderline bald. 
My intelligence and personality has been obliterated from drug abuse and my appearance has been permanently disfigured, I don’t even know who I am anymore. I dropped out of college, cut off all friends, lost my ability to communicate and overall I have turned in to a useless person. 
I look in the mirror and see a lifeless soul and I don’t know what the future holds for me anymore. What do I do and where do I go from here? I now struggle to communicate with people and don’t have the ability to start any hobbies because of the eye injury. I don’t see a future of having a wife, children or any of the things life has to offer us. I don’t see a future where I teach my kids how to swim, how to ride a bike, taking them for doctor appointments, eye exams, meeting with teachers and a life where I travel the world. 
I feel stuck and my thoughts for the future seem like a black abyss 
:(