How to be less flirty?
Recently my friends and I (F19) were discussing relationships as many of them have recently just gotten into them. I’m happily single and have never really considered getting into a relationship or pursued dating before although there have been opportunities. I just don’t see that in my life atm although if the opportunity arises I won’t be opposed. My friends however all seem surprised when I said something along those lines about not looking/actively trying to date because apparently I’m extremely flirty. 

I was surprised at them calling me that given I tend to view myself as reserved in love and won’t flirt unless there’s someone I’m genuinely interested in, or am flirting for fun with my friends when I know it won’t be serious (for example, telling my friends how cute they look on a girl’s night out). 

I asked what they meant and apparently I get a lot of attention and am viewed as flirty because when I talk to people I’m “really engaged in the conversations/listen to people, look them in the eyes while speaking, etc.” (My friends’ words not mine). I’m confused now because I thought that was just an engaged listener and having good social skills type of thing. 

I’ve always been an attentive listener as I was the kid who listened in convos rather than spoke and that’s carried on with me even as I’ve grown up and come out of my shell. A few weeks ago I was really excited over my social growth because my experience in uni socially is so much different than in highschool where I feel much more genuine in my interactions and more known/well received but now I’m afraid I’m overdoing it. 

I wouldn’t mind being branded as flirty were it not for both my mother and my friends warning me to be careful so I wouldn’t give the wrong impression to people or get the wrong type of label. I’d stop the whole “eye contact engaged listening thing” but I don’t want to cause strain on these other relationships plus I genuinely do care about random day to day convos and am trying to set down solid friendships. Is there anyway/are there any tips on how I can continue being friendly to people without being flirty/potentially being seen as unprofessional in the future?