Getting out of my confront zone- Failed and don't know what to do
I don't really have good experiences with people and that kind of keeps me away from people. So I wanted to try to step out of my comfort zone, because I'm an introvert and I do prefer quality over quantity. There was this guy that I saw a few time walking past by so I wanted to try to approach them. While going to the next class I gave him a note saying hello and complimenting that he have cool hair because I was trying to be nice. The guy I think might seems a little uncomfortable by their tone, it was like oh..thank you when I gave it and left quickly to class cuz the bell was ringing. Tbh I was really nervous. The next time I saw him I asked for his Instagram he gave it to me and said here you go. I didn't message him yet but I checked his Instagram trying to see what he is like I guess. He is popular I guess had like one thousand followers or something. I was hesitating if I wanted to get to know the person if they are nice or mean. So the next day I saw him again I went another direction. I message him later saying the same thing I wrote on the note hoping he would know the person is me. I checked some time later and he blocked me.

It might be I made him uncomfortable or I came off creepy, or either he had a gf and he think I was into him or something which I am not. Or he thinks I am a loser because I seem like I don't have much people based on my profile if he did take a look at it. I don't even use Instagram either and have no post or followers I only use it to communicate with one of my good friend and just basically use it to look at other people's posts. Am I out of his league or what?

The people in my life who approached me were much better than me trying to approach someone. So I feel like the right people will approach you and choice to be talking to you. I might of have approached the wrong person.

I just don't know what I should do when I see the person again it will be really awkward. Should I apologize to him?