I'm in my 40's and have no friends
I've always struggled to make friends, and since a young age have typically been seen as the quiet kid, so have never had a massive social circle, although when I was in my 20's I did go out and party with friends and work colleagues. On reflection I realise that I was self-centred at times in my younger life and didn't really make enough effort to get to know other people.

Now in my 40's and due to moving area, friends moving away, growing our family etc over the years, I now find myself in an unenvious position where I can't really say I have any close friends or anyone I socialise with on anything approaching a regular basis. Despite being an introvert who enjoys being in my own company this is now starting to get me down somewhat, as the balance of family time, personal time and social life feels off kilter.

Evenings and weekends are taken up with family time, but my wife is supportive when I say I need to have some time to myself for a few hours, or try and organise a social event once in a while, even just something low key like a couple of drinks down the pub. Despite my efforts however, no one I know really seems to have the time or interest in joining me.

I've been at my workplace for many years now and there are some small groups within it that go out to the cinema or for a drink from time to time, but I don't find myself getting invited. These are other people around my age or slightly younger so it's not like there's a massive age gap and I'd be cramping their style, but I do feel like others see me as 'that boring guy' at work for some reason. This is despite me suggesting after work drinks on a Friday night and several times inviting the whole workforce of about 20 people out to a comedy gig. Not one person has taken me up on these suggestions leaving me wondering why I bother. I get that some people like to keep their work and personal life separate, and I too lean that way, but I'd love to get to know some of my colleagues more outside of work hours and spend time socialising with them as they do with each other.

I feel I need to 'find my tribe', but am struggling to find what that is and how exactly to find it. I guess COVID has compounded the issue with people less willing to socialise in groups, but my wife is still managing to go out with her friends and she has found it a lot easier to make them through being in the school playground and coffee mornings etc. I've tried to see if my wife could invite people over for a lunch or something so I could get to know new people too, but she's never been that keen on having people round.

I'm not looking for sympathy and this is really just a way of getting all this off my chest, but I'd be keen to know if anyone else has been in my position and what they did to improve it.