Am I bad at keeping friends and uninteresting? LONG POST
Okay so i was horrible at getting frineds in high school and elementary school, I was super shy and didnt really care about getting friends at all, othereise Im super talkative. I just got my first year of university and before going there, i completly changed my mindset : I wanted to be around people, I want to talk to people, befriend as many as I can, I got bored of sitting home and talking to internet friends I will probably never meet and would probably trade me away for a buttercream sandwich. 

My plan was going surprisingly good, I really dont wanna brag, cuz it wont end well, but people wanted to be around me. I was quite surprised, didnt think it will work this well. 'Befriended' like 5 or 6 person in the first days and had very good talks, had laughs people seemed like they care what I wanna say. The problem... After these laughs, good talks we had during daytime, with the exception of a very few people (2) currently, doesnt search my company AT ALL. If i text on them they give short answers, literally cant talk for ahit, next day at school it seems like best buddies again. 


These 'friends' befriended some other people, which sounds fine, well its not, they dont give a flying duck about me anymore, never search for me, never ask if im still alive, still short answers and we dont even talk at school anymore. Thought those guys just arent my friends so I searched for others, and guess what : The exact same thing happened again! We are super buds then all of the sudden they dont even see me, the other day they are planning a super party and im the first to be invited, the next day they say they dont have any party then proceed to talk about it after canceling my invite. These are lost too...

I start to worry if every person literally just pretends to be friends with me, pretty weird place to cry this out but I cant think of any other place.

I have kept 3 friends in this 1 and half years out od like 10 people I talked to everyday i school, and one of the 3 started ignoring me as well, ge literally didnt check my messege through entire august, when we were just planning events in the summer! School finally came and I asked him what happened, he apologized and he did it again in fall break, but this time for only 1 week! So I guess hes lost too... I realy want to focus on the 2 friends I have left, who actually text me how am I, but one of these friends have just gotten a girlfriend and hes super buzy every day, Im rella yafraid of losing him as well.

PSA : I can easly 'befriend' people, but seems like it does nothing since I cant seem to keep any of those befriended people. I have left 2 friends, how can I not lose them as well?