Slowly becoming a closed off person
In the past, I was very shy and not very sociable. I stuck with the same people I knew and felt comfortable with from my grade school till high school. I felt like I couldn't connect with these friends anymore so I slowly started distancing myself from them. I wanted make a new start in college and I was able to make a lot of friends through a club I joined. I felt that I truly made great friendships during my time in college and I was slowly able to open up a bit more. By the end of college, I definitely improved my social skills to the point where people mistook me for an extrovert. It was nice to hear because I really disliked the shy and closed off person I was back then.

It didn't last long since things began to change when covid happened. It became a great excuse for me to start reverting back to my old self. I noticed I didn't care to reach out to people as often and wanted a lot of time alone. People were reaching out to me and saying that they missed me. It was the same for me but I didn't put in the effort to continue to reach out to them. Now its been a year and I find myself barely talking to anyone these days. I find it hard to reach out because I think I am bothering people or they don't want to talk to me. I know its not true and I think its mainly because people find it hard to reach out to me. All these years I failed to realized that it was me that didn't reciprocate in this friendship. My friends seem really happy or touched when I do reach out but also surprised. Which makes me feel like a failure because I should be doing it more often. I don't know how to keep it going after I reach out though. I realized I'm only good at being social and being a friend when I am in a setting where I can see people often.

I'm truly envious of those people who aren't afraid to go to their friends whenever they have an issue or something to rant. I still can't bring myself to be vulnerable to say what's on my mind or if I'm going through a rough time. I don't know how to move on or improve because I am the problem. I'm worried if I continue to distance myself from others and not reach out, I am going to be alone and lose friends I really care about. I really want to improve my communication and myself at this point but I'm not sure how to start. Sorry for the rant but any advice would be appreciated.