Should I find another time to reply to this text message?
This pen pal that I've been talking to for 18 months now replied for the first time in three weeks. In the past we used to talk every few days. We also had no problem exchanging long messages but lately (ever since this spring) she has gotten into the pattern of taking weeks to reply. It was unsettling at first because I often replied quickly to her weeks-long texts but ever since last month, I've been thinking if I should consistently do the same thing that she does (even if I am not that busy).

The last message I sent was about Halloween movies (though I sent it a week after Halloween and two weeks after her second-to-last text) and I asked her if she likes to watch any movies related to Halloween. Yesterday, and three weeks after my last text in early November, she replied with a text about what she's been up to lately.

"Hey! sorry to be missing! a lot is going on. I am quitting my job, moving into a new professional field and I hope now I will devote more time to rest. But I'm still working at my old job and going through training at a new one, so I'm terribly tired :(soon the load will be less"

"Tell me how are you? what's new?"

I guess there's quite a bit of substance in this text but it doesn't feel very engaging even though I know she has been very busy (she works 12 hours for 3 days as a sales consultant  and also works as a part-time content creator for two event venues). And she didn't even bother answering my question. In my previous message I even talked about Tim Burton before asking her if she likes any Halloween movies. She did ask me last month if I was going to dress up. I replied that I didn't but I still shifted the topic slightly to movies when I texted back in early November. But that's where the topic ended for her. Maybe she doesn't like talking about horror movies? Or maybe because it's way past Halloween already? I know she likes watching movies. Just maybe not horror movies. Maybe I am just overthinking.

What would be a good way to approach this conversation going forward? Because with this kind of message along the lines of "Oh I am busy" I don't want to reply right away.

Should I also take three weeks to reply to a text like this?