Fourth Year in College and I have very few friends/connections
Hi everyone,

As title says, I'm in my fourth year of college, and generally don't have many friends or connections. I was never too socially great or anything, but I feel like I've been way lonelier recently than before. A little bit on my background: I had a group of 3 other close friends since middle school, and maintained those friends throughout high school. At the end of high school, I became pretty close friends with 1 guy out of the 3, but remained friends with the other 2, but starting last year September the 1 guy that I was closest to left for a different school, out of state. Aside from the 2 high school friends, I still had a few friends here or there, but none of those I really felt like I could count on or were "real", if that makes any sense.

When this semester started again, though, it became in-person again, and that's when I really started to feel lonely. I still have the other 2 friends(We're still all in the same city), but I'm definitely not super close to them or anything. I've been making an effort to try and hangout with those 2 along with the few other friends I have, but so far only the 2 guys from high school really respond/hang out. Those 2 are great dudes 100%, but at the same time I feel like my interests and theirs are just really different in general, and they don't really care much about the whole covid thing(won't put on mask, etc), so I haven't felt too comfortable around them.

I honestly felt like my already-poor social skills became worse during the quarantine, as during the quarantine I really started to develop some anxiety, self-doubt, and generally started to question myself more. It was pretty rare of me to actually go outside during quarantine, so I wasn't very socially active during that time either.

Anyways, while I don't feel like I have literally nobody to talk to now, I feel like I have very few people that I can talk to/connect with nowadays. I really wanna put myself out there, meet new friends along with possibly a girlfriend(I'm pretty introverted in general and a bit extra shy around girls so not sure how likely this is going to happen), but at the same time I can be pretty awkward and shy, and I don't really know how to approach people, especially like entire groups of people that are already friends. It also takes awhile for me to really be comfortable with someone.

Also, I've tried 1 club, but I didn't really get along with some of the people there. Not straight up arguments, and I didn't start anything, but I generally felt like I wasn't too clicking too well.

Again, I really do want to actually befriend more people, but as a socially awkward introvert, I'm kind of clueless on how to approach this. Any advice/input on how to improve from here would be really appreciated, I'm unfortunately not too socially well off so I really can use any input.

Edit: I'm also pretty confused on where to meet new people to begin with, aside from classes