I don’t deserve my close friends. They are too good to me.
Throwaway account because one of them knows my reddit.

So my college friends had a serious talk with me today about my mental health and other issues.

I've been doing pretty good in life. I have a good start to my career path. I'm a 3.4 GPA college student. I make good money for my age (I have a business and I work part time). I'm pretty independent for the most part. I've been pretty happy in those senses overall, but not so much in the mental health state. But my friends worry that I'm not happy because I've been more distant and I never ask them for help when I need it. They want me to open up to them about things that annoy me and to not be afraid to ask for help if I need it. I've always offer to help them when they need it because I think it is the right thing to do, even if it means going out of my way to make them happy. But they have been concerned because I always shut myself down when I need help or decline it. They don't want me to do that anymore because they want to legitimately help me and make sure I am happy in the friendship as well.

However, they have also noticed that I've done more things that annoy them as well, and I've been more cold and rude as well. I told them I'd be willing to change my personality for their sake to keep up with the friendship. Because this is one of the legitimately true friendships I've ever had.

I honestly don't know why they want to be my friends to be honest. I've grown up thinking I deserved nothing from others and they never reciprocated but I thought it was a normal part of life. Whenever I tried to call my old friends from high school out on their shit or ask for help, the friendship ended and I was cut off. I have unintentionally (emotionally) hurt my college friends recently, and they still want to be my friend despite that because they were willing to work out our issues. I’m happy they’re part of my life but I really don't deserve them.

TLDR: I don't deserve my true, real friends. They still want to be friends with me despite me hurting them emotionally and not being the best friend I could be. I'm not a very good person and I don't deserve these wonderful people in my life.