Friendship advice
Since C19, I’ve been dealing with some personal problems, my parents got divorced and I found out a lot of horrible secrets about one of them, even to this day I am still dealing with some repercussions from that; Before Covid, I always considered my friends one of the most important persons in my life. I wasn’t a kid that cared enough about personal care and looks or in going out at all. at that time my friends and I went out from time to time and had fun. But when covid started the problems began to pop in. And when my "stuff" started, I was in a really bad mental condition, I wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone, because of this, I started talking less in my friend’s group chat, sometime later I came back needing to clear my head and I realized my friends were already in another group chat, leaving me and some other people out of it (this was at the time where you could go out until a certain hour).

How did I get to this realization? I could see my friends having fun and hanging out, I’d see them on social media having fun, joking around, and tagging themselves almost every day. To be honest, this made me fall deeper and deeper, I realized that I didn’t have anything, not only did my familiar life suck, but I didn’t have friends. I was ashamed, jealous, and sad, I felt like I didn’t have anyone to talk to about what I was going thru. These thoughts went on as I had the hopes that someday my friends would hit me up to do something, that didn’t happen….

I got into school again, I honestly thought they were going to ignore me. But then we had a good time in school, even when I had so much rage deep down when I felt like I got left behind I still was so happy my friends and I were having a good time together, after this I had hope that maybe we could hang out on weekends, maybe they would invite me to one of their parties together, yeah… maybe I stayed waiting too long… even now I’ve probably seen that group 3 times outside of school, that group who had been my friends since so many years, I never got invited into anything they did together. I couldn’t feel more left out, when I tried to talk about it with some of them, they dismissed me, they said that I’ve was going to get invited if something were to happen… All lies… I was thinking about maybe telling them how I felt, but just thinking about telling them such degrading stuff made me feel even worse, I thought that even after telling them all of this, they wouldn’t group with me because they wanted to, but out of pettiness. for a long time, I stayed being happy in school but sad and lonely out of it, being unable to tell anyone how I felt because I no longer had confidence in no one, I was a sheep behind a shepherd, thinking the same as them, trying not to get into trouble with them and not being myself.

Yesterday, when I was with a new group of friends, I got into that topic of conversation, and I was honest to them, I told them how I felt like my old friends didn’t think individually, how they always talk behind the backs of people because somebody else of the group had a problem with them, how I felt like they didn’t bother to talk to me when out of school, but acted normally while in it… since then, I haven’t stop thinking how they will find out about what I said, and I am scared. I am scared of losing them, even though I have mixed feelings about some of them, I like those people, I just really wanted to spend some time with them hanging out and doing stuff, I didn’t want them to think of me as petty, and I didn’t feel the intimacy to bother any of them with my problems…. Even now that I am a bit more open with what is happening around me, and that I am not broken like before, I can’t get myself to put that topic on the table on my own, and I am still resilient to talk about how I am feeling about our relationship. I am scared of telling the truth and opening up to them. The stuff I talked about them will probably make them angry with me, they will probably think I am just talking bullshit (about why I said that stuff about them), but I can’t even think of being sorry… because all I said about them is the truth, I was holding within myself. Even then, I am scared that when I get to school, I will find them cold towards me and that I’d get ignored. If that happens, I am not sure if I will be strong enough to try to talk to them about what I feel, and why I said what I said.

PS #1: I think they will react like this because, in past events they’ve ignored me when another person in the group was mad with me, they didn’t talk to me and tried to fix things, but they chose to ignore me instead. Even since that incident, I’ve been scared of doing anything to any of them even if it's individually because I know that they will all turn against me.

PS #2: I am not a native speaker, so there may be many redundancies and spelling mistakes.

PS #3: I didn't want to post this here, but advice subreddits always removed this.

I don’t need clear advice; I just want to know different opinions on the matter. And I needed to get this off my chest.