I feel like no one will understand the severity of my issue
I started therapy 2 months ago and I feel like I have benefited nothing. i started 5 sessions with 1 therapist and benefited from nothing. I just have trouble expressing my issues. The second one ran away from me after Intake since my issue is not her specialty. The one I currently saw for an intake seemed alright but she scheduled me in 2 weeks. How much longer can I take my inner turmoil? I have suspicion I have borderline personality disorder and/or ocd since I fit a lot of the descriptions. I'm very impulsive with my decision, have unstable self, can't focus, disorganized, and constantly confused. My mood switches a bunch of times a day and when I'm in a stressful situation I struggle to handle it but i only manifest it internally. Even my mood and thoughts about going to therapy have been unstable. Should I just tell my therapist about these 2 concerns? I feel like I need 2 sessions a week not once every 2 weeks! i messages her asking if I can ever do 2 sessions a week and if there's an earlier date available and she didn't respond. 

My main issue with instability is regarding sexuality and its giving me a lot of pain. It's usually the trigger for a lot of this but at the same time it's unstable as well. I don't know if it's just my shame and denial or I'm not actually gay but struggling with symptoms of some disorder that needs proper treatment.  I told my therapist about my identity concerns and she told me it's common. i don't think it's common for people to obsess over this for 4 years straight and basically not feel like doing anything and feeling disconnected from anyone. It's all that has been on my mind for four years. I don't think it's common for people to get triggered by being told my thoughts about being gay are possibly real and having a high heart rate and blood pressure for over a month. What should i do? My doctor prescribed me lexapro for anxiety but I'm wondering if I should just see a psychiatrist. I always wondered if it's appropriate to see one while going to therapy. If i continue going to therapy at this pace of once a week or every two weeks I feel like itll take make so long to make progress. Im just a slow guy in general.