Therapy slip or me (CSA and rape mentions)
Hi. I don´t  know where else to post this, but I´m at the end of my rope (english not my native language so excuse my grammar). 

So, I started therapy over a year ago and one of the first things we talked about was my CSA at 6 years old by a stranger. I remember this well although I do not remember what happened in my life soon after telling my dad or what I told my dad but I know they minimize the issue because there was no penetration I guess. My therapist made me feel so seen because I was never at peace with this (internally) . Sadly I was touched again at 10 and 12ish by two other different men, this time they were friends of my parents, both times my parents left me with them (they had no idea this men were sick) , I didn't say a word this time. I grew up and had 2 experiences my therapist helped me realize were rape.

The issue I´m dealing with RN is, I come from a weird family dynamic, went no contact a few months ago, I was enmeshed with my dad, parents used me as a therapist when I became an adult, got married , had kids and grew tired of  their constant emotional dumping on my brain.

I was in therapy the other day and made a bad joke about how when I was a teen I would even date murderers and then I dissociated for a bit and everything went downhill, yesterday I went back to therapy and told my therapist that I felt some sense of responsibility for the rapes because I had no boundaries, I didn't report, I resisted the minimum and I mean, both times I was on a date and got very drunk. He said something along the lines of  *how it´s hard to take accountability and deal with it...* (my brain is shuting down so I translated this). That hit me like a bomb, I could´ve lived without processing those as rape, or maybe talking about what happened and why so much, and now I feel like he is trying to take me down another road, like I caused my own abuses? or maybe making me responsible for the drinking part , still....now I´m having doubts about my abuses, I feel unvalidated, regressed and probably having an emotional flashback.

Maybe he was tired, maybe he has something going on in his life, but I have to say, this is such a delicate issue, it took me 25+ years to start processing all these and now I feel like it was my fault as if I caused it because of my upbringing or my first CSA.

Does anyone have any insight about this? I really trust my therapist and want to keep trying but maybe... we´ve lost the connection or maybe he doesn´t believe me and now I’m having doubts too.

thanks for reading me.
EDIT: he said “It’s hard to be held accountable for our issues but it’s part of growing up”