Thanksgiving appreciation to everyone in my life
Exactly a year ago I celebrated Thanksgiving day with a cupcake at the hospital. That was when my school therapist told me I had to take a leave of absence or the school will kick me out. I thought my life was ending but it turned out for the best. I realized that I was miserable in pharmacy school and switched to nursing. I love it and I think it saved my life. I have an internship at the behavioral health unit I was in and another position with a different hospital system. This thanksgiving was meaningful because it just reminded me of how much I was struggling a year ago. I didn't think I could tell anyone about my struggles (apart from those who already know) but I made a facebook post about what happened a year ago and just thanking everyone. A lot of people were really supportive contrast to my fear that people will shun me for having BPD. And I also wanted to thank my school therapist who I no longer see anymore so I thought about writing a card. I bought a card after work (it says "because of good-hearted people like you, this world is a nicer place" and I think that's the best way to describe him) and I just wrote a really long heartfelt letter so I'm going to have to try to figure out how to put this in the card. And then I thought why not write a card to my therapist, the group therapist and my psychiatrist? My therapist has seen me through my worst days and he's stuck with me through suicide attempts and tries to help me in any way he can. And my psychiatrist has been patient with my trial of multiple medications especially with the challenge of trying to treat a BPD patient. He's seen me after 12 hospitalizations and multiple self-harm episodes and hasn't judged me (for the most part) and honestly I've never had this much support growing up. When I told him I was applying to med school he was very supportive and just checking on how I was doing in the process.  Maybe it's just their job but it means a lot to me. We don't usually celebrate Thanksgiving and it's just like any other holiday that we don't celebrate so this Thanksgiving was a very special one. I think I'll be thinking about that cupcake on Thanksgiving days in the future. Now I just have to go buy 3 more cards.