Just need someone to listen
So I don’t know where else to post this, or if anyone will even read this but maybe just so I can get it off of my chest it’ll help me.

Ever since I can remember I’ve always felt different, unique I guess you could say, but honestly who doesn’t. I’ve never felt like I fit in anywhere, even within my own family. My aunts and uncles have always felt like the closest family I had but even then it wasn’t the same. Now with my family it shouldn’t make sense to feel that alone. Both parents stayed together until I was 18, I’ve always known the split up was inevitable, and never thought it was like my fault or anything just two people who had no business being together.

With that being said, growing up wasn’t easy, I know there are plenty of people out there who grew up in 100x worse situations and I’ve never let myself be the “poor me” kinda guy because of it. But maybe just getting it out in the open will help remedy the misery I consistently feel. 

The very first memory I have : I couldn’t have been older than 3 (I know most people can’t remember things that happened that young but bare with me here) I found a cassette radio tape somewhere and as a naturally curious about that little ribbon inside and ended up pulling it all out. When my dad got home and saw that he was very mad. He took this semi toy my grandpa had got me, looked at me and said “if you’re gonna tear my stuff up im gonna do the same to yours” and smashed it into tiny pieces. I know to an extent he had a point that I shouldn’t tear stuff up, but still I was only three at the most and my grandpa had just given that to me

Growing up every minor thing I did was handled to extremes like that. All the way through High school was constantly like that. It created severe anxiety trying to avoid any conflict like that and spending most of my childhood alone in my room. My parents would belittle me constantly telling me I was stupid, worthless, and wouldn’t amount to anything. Constantly spanked, switched, and even the occasional moments they’d lose their cool and really put their hands on me. There are definitely moments that I went through where I didn’t do what I was accused of and my dad or mom just happened to be having a bad day and let me feel it. Those particular moments started to really get to me, because it all started to add  up

Going to school I was always picked on. I didn’t honestly know how to socialize right considering I was never allowed to participate in anything after school, never went to a friends house, or even had a friends come over. So after awhile às a kid, I would cry in my room endlessly because I couldn’t understand what was wrong with me, what could I have done or what was I doing that made seemingly anyone I came in contact with hate me so much. 

It wasn’t until my sophomore year or so I really started to make friends. They honestly saved my life, they could all start to tell my home life wasnt normal for kids our ages, they took me in treated me like a little brother and looked out for me.

That became a bit more literal the beginning of my senior year. I didn’t have a license or a car yet, and I got my first job. About a week and a half into it I got off and didn’t have a ride. I tried all of my friends and I didn’t have any family close by except my dad. So I called him last and apologized for asking. When he got their he told me to go back inside and quit because he would not be picking me up. When I refused he gave me a choice, go inside and quit or not have a place to live. I chose the latter feeling like I finally took a step towards taking control over my life. I kind of bloomed a little bit and began to discover who I was. I realized I was the “nice guy” and All I ever wanted to do was make any one around me happy and laugh.

Finally I was in control but lost at the same time. I was growing up and eventually even made amends with my dad. I got my first real relationship and it was world changing, I knew what it felt like to be loved and cherished for what felt like to me the first time in my life. And then my dad found out she wasn’t also white so he texted me telling me he didn’t want me around anymore and I haven’t spoken to him since even to reply. It’s been over 5 years now.

Since then me and her split up which was about three years ago. That in particular crushed me, And I hit mentally the lowest point of my life. I didn’t want to kill myself but I also didn’t want to live either. So much misery and pain through out life sort of added up into that event. And one day she just had a new man and i know most people would’ve taken that hard, but the first thing that went through my mind was “I never want to feel like this again” and it snapped me out of it. 

But I type all of that, because within the past week it’s slowly coming back, the best analogy I can think of is it’s like a Dam built holding all of those feelings back and a crack has started that’s slowly letting them all back in and I don’t know what to do or how to stop it