Do I need a Therapist? Too dependent on tutor
I didn’t graduate in the top 50% of my high school and I lasted 3 weeks at my first college before dropping out for not being able to keep up and was subsequently diagnosed with a learning disability. I was taking a Calc 2 course at my second college and I was borderline failing at the midpoint. I started to work with a tutor who was amazing to me. She worked with me so much on overcoming my learning disability and instilling confidence in me. I felt like she really cared about seeing me succeed. She believed in me more than anyone else ever has. I truly wanted to do well to make her proud for believing in me so much. I ended up getting an A in that course and every math course I took there after on my way to graduating next spring with highest honors from one of the top 5 engineering schools in the country. I have went on to intern at a FAANG company and one of Elon Musk’s companies. Throughout my rocket ship of a comeback story I became very attached to this tutor. Believe it or not she was actually younger than me. I planned out my and her schedules so she’d be there for me in all my hard classes I had to take. At the peak of my dependency on her I met with her for 6 hours a week. I grew to look up to her a lot and love her (not in a bf/gf way, we would never get along like that) but in a big sister kind of way. She was kind of maternal to me, always looking out for what things I might struggle with and nagging me to do schoolwork and such. Honestly nobody has yelled or nagged at me more than her besides my mom. I didn’t always like going to see her because she’d never let me take a shortcut and was always doing what was best for me long term which I didn’t always enjoy in the moment. I come from a financially well off family but they were never very supportive to me in non financial ways and she filled those gaps in my life. I admittedly have general anxiety (no treatment, never seen a therapist). She always recognized when I was nervous and was able to calm me down like no one else could. It got to the point that coming to our tutoring was like my safe place. In my mind she is right about everything and always knows what is best for me. My desire to make her proud grew to me sending her my homework grades, test scores, report cards as soon as I would get them. I grew so dependent on her and having very little to none academic success before she entered my life that it caused me to think all of my success was because of her. Admittedly school before I met her and got treatment for my learning disability was quite traumatic for me. Dropping out of my first school in 3 weeks is just the tip of the iceberg. It was a big mental block for me to get over that I could do hard classes without her right there to help me. 

Sorry for the really long background. My problem now is that I have attached my personal happiness for so long to if she thought I was doing well and being successful. Now that I’m at a point in my life that I need to make future decisions and she won’t always be there it’s scary. I’m living across the country in Silicon Valley right now and I’ve probably bothered her 3 times in the last 3 weeks for help with my anxiety. I’m lucky that she almost always is there to help me but know that inevitably she won’t always be there to help me in the future. I’ve tried to detach my personal happiness from if she thinks I’m doing well and if she thinks I can do something but I just can’t seem to because she has become such a big part of my life over the last 4 years. I’m so afraid that I will disappoint her. She has reassured me that she is proud of me and that I won’t disappoint her. Would a therapist be able to help me detach from my idolization of her and reliance on her opinion and thoughts about me?