Feeling stuck in a comfort zone, afraid of taking risks, wrong decisions
The title pretty much sums it all up. I’m 23, I work a corporate job, I feel like I’m a boring failure and I keep comparing myself to others.

But let’s start with the early days. I come from a family that always provided me with what I needed (but no luxury, of course. Both my parents are working class and worked and saved A LOT for us, just to have a chance to study and not struggle like they did). That’s why, I never really wanted to disappoint them, and always tried to make rational decisions in regards to studies and career, as much as possible.

I never really dreamt of becoming anything specific. If you asked me in highschool what I wanted to become, I would have said “i don’t know and I don’t care, I want to use foreign languages, to be happy, to afford the stuff I want, to be able to go on regular trips and just live life”. Which I kinda do now, but here I am - UNHAPPY! 

So in college I studied linguistics and foreign languages, which I enjoyed. 

After college, I briefly started a master’s in Marketing, which I quickly dropped out of, because the curriculum was not exactly what I expected and realized that marketing (as it was taught there at least) was not for me.

I also started a full time job in human resources (whilst having the opportunity to use the foreign languages I studied) which I’ve been having ever since (a little over two years).

This job has been good overall, I even got promoted after one year, I got to develop some skills and learned some stuff about how big corporations function.

However, the full time work from home schedule screwed me up. It was great in the beginning, but the past year has been a nightmare, because I feel like my work has no purpose, all I do is work in my pajamas and have the luxury of going to get snacks from the fridge whenever I want. I also live by myself, have a few friends (who are not always down for visits or hangouts, they have their own life ofc, and I get it), and the only person I see constantly is my boyfriend. And when I’m not with him, I feel lonely.

Before covid, my life was a little more exciting - I used to go on regular trips, meet new people all the time, make connections. But with the pandemic, everything stopped, my life’s become very domestic, I rarely get the chance to meet new people. I was always a lone wolf, I could sit by myself in silence and enjoy it. But now, this all shifted. I hate being alone. I can’t even relax anymore. Relax after what? I feel like I’ve been relaxing for too long! I can’t enjoy a spa day anymore, I can’t focus on watching a full movie anymore, going out for a walk makes no sense anymore, because I feel like I should be doing something more purposeful than just work 9-5 and then relax 5-10.

This year I started another master’s, this time in Cultural Studies. The field was my decision, because I was always passionate about this stuff (although I know it’s not practical at all in today’s working society) and I hated the idea of studying a random topic just because it sounded cool in my mind (like i did with marketing) or because it was useful for society; but the mere idea of starting a master’s was not. My parents were very disappointed to hear that I dropped out the first one, and convinced me to start with this new one, cause “you never know when it will help you, it’s better to have it, than not”. It’s pretty chill, it’s not a prestigious university, but a private one, but well, let’s say that it’s just a way to kill time after work. And something to spend money on, lol… (it’s not very expensive, at least).

Anyway!

Then I open facebook or insta and see all the people from my generation who maybe took wiser decisions: doctors, lawyers, pilots, engineers - people who were probably dumber in school, but had the courage to not be comfortable. Or I see people who had the courage to ditch these conventional careers and start their own photography projects, music, freelancing, businesses. And I feel like crap. I’m just this boring girl who works in a corporate office. Who has become ashamed of telling others what her job is, because nobody would care anyway. I am not doing something amazing, so it means I’m doing nothing.

However, Although it may seem like I have no direction, I do have a little something I hold on to: cooking and nutrition. I have some experience with EDs, I love cooking and at some point I was even managing my own instagram blog in which I was posting pics and reels of my food. But this only lasted a few months. I think I should re-start doing that and see where it goes. I think what I lack now is a passion, a hobby. I am thinking of starting a nutrition course, to become a certified nutritionist and offer support to others as a side-hustle.

But still, I am so scared. Scared of the unknown, scared of starting anew, scared of being poor, scared of struggle, simply put scared of change.

I can no longer live like this. I don’t want to envy others. I don’t want to be jealous of my friends who are successful. I want to be successful on my own and cherish our success together.

This lack of purpose in life has been the cause of my anxiety. Combined with high expectations, lots of external pressure (from my family), as well as internal pressure, cause I’m also a perfectionist. I am too young to be living this boring existence. I am too young feel so stuck.