a very long ready but idk where else to write
idek where to start. so my (m21) mum (f41) and dad (dead) had me, until i was one and a half and while in my fathers custody (i believe my parents were separated) i put an ecstasy tablet in my mouth under the assumption it was a sweet. i was taken to hospital, and since then i’ve not been able to see my dad. i was however able to see my dads side of the family and his father would secretly have me see him, i told my mother as i was a literal child and this caused my mother to stop me seeing ANYONE on my dads side of the family. 

my step dad (m42) came into my life pretty soon after my parents separated, and i was told to call him dad, which i still do to this day. after my birth parents separation and my estrangement from a whole half of my family, my mother changed my surname to her maiden name, completely erasing anything from that side. when i was 4 my sister (f17) was born, then at 6 my other sister (f15) was born, at 9 my brother (m11) was born and then finally at 10 my other brother (m10) was born. my dad (step dad i should say) cheated on my mother and she was quite vocal about it, and they sorted it out. when i was 11 my step dad worked abroad and it’s thought he cheated during that time too. eventually he came back home, and due to my mother having 5 kids, money was quite low. this would lead to lots of physical fights, very traumatic in fact. then at 14 i found out my birth father had cancer, my mum told me but due to the brainwashing i was victim to (he was always referred to as dickhead) i chose to not see him as i was scared. i eventually changed my mind and found out i actually have another brother (m15) to this day i regard him more of a cousin than a sibling, i haven’t seen him in over a year and i don’t necessarily miss him as i didn’t grow up with him. 

i saw my dad and grandad with my mum realised they’re not half bad people. then there was an altercation that led to me deciding to not pursue a relationship with my birth father. a few more years later of toxic and traumatic home life, i found out that my dad cancer had gotten extremely worse, i chose to see him again and this time saw my whole other half of my family who i see and keep in touch with today. my dad died two weeks before my 18th birthday and i didn’t want my mother to attend the funeral but she did anyway, she never respected the man and always shat on his name. she said some hurtful things to me as well, rubbing in the fact i didn’t get into university the first time i wanted to. i was heavily depressed at this time in my life and i swallowed 11 of my mums antidepressants thinking it would kill me but it didn’t i went to hospital and got out the next day. on my 18th birthday i moved cities to my grandmothers until i got into university. i’m now in my final year, and plan to life w my current housemates cos i love them all. 

but my parents won’t take any accountability for what they’ve done. my upbringing wasn’t good at all, and neither was my first sisters. i’m not going home for christmas and i’ve just had another massive argument with my parents, who are now separated. i’m basically asking do you think this is grounds to seek therapy or counselling. i tried to get counselling last month but nothing ever came of it… the thing is though i don’t think i’m struggling. i don’t feel sad and i feel i cope in a healthy way.

tl;dr mother estranged me from my birth dad and his fam, he got cancer and died. i had a bad upbringing and my relationship is awful with my parents, do i get therapy or counselling, even though i feel like i don’t need it?