I was addicted to online "catfishing" to cope with dysphoria. Now I feel horrible about it and don't know how to cope. [X-post from r/mtf]
I'm MAAB (male assigned at birth) who's currently questioning my gender identity, but I used to struggle with gender dysphoria much worse than I do now. I was too afraid to transition (live in a conservative area), so I coped with it by creating fake female personas on the internet. Unlike most catfish, I never scammed anyone or tricked them into a relationship; I literally just wanted to socialize and talk to people as a woman.

I'm not gonna lie, I don't feel too terribly bad for the people I lied to, since it's not like we formed any super close relationships and they never learned the truth. But I feel terrible for the actual women whose pics I used and passed as my own (most times I didn't use any pictures, but I still ended up doing it maybe 3 or 4 times). I feel especially terrible because I discussed a LOT of sensitive topics with the online people I spoke to (sexuality, kinks/fetishes, mental illness, drug abuse, etc.), and I know I wouldn't want anyone attaching MY real pictures to those kinds of topics.

The worst thing I've ever done was I created a persona named "Tina" who I didn't use a picture for. I used this account to talk about a lot of other sensitive topics. Eventually, a couple members in the Discord group requested a pic. I didn't know what to do, so instead of just Googling a random picture, I absent-mindedly just searched for a "Tina" on social media and just took hers instead. I have no idea why I did this, but it wasn't until later that I realized that I basically just took another woman's picture AND first name.

I've mentally settled down a bit in terms of my gender identity. But now that my mind is clearer, I look back now and the guilt of what I've done is destroying me to the point where I can't even eat and sleep. I just can't convince myself I'm not a terrible person, and even though it's astronomically unlikely, a part of me is hoping these women somehow find out what I did and sue me for stealing their pictures so I can at least pay and try to make things a little bit right.