Abruptly ended the relationship with my former therapist; how can I contact her now about becoming a client again? (Urgent)
For context: I have been in court-mandated therapy over the course of what seemed like my entire childhood. I knew I would benefit from seeing a psychologist/seeking therapy, but after countless attempts (through my insurance and private practices), I simply gave up. 

At a VERY low point in my life (about 3.5 years ago), I was referred to a therapist by someone who knows me well and thought I'd give it one more try. After seeing her for the first time, I knew I'd finally found a therapist. I don't mean to make this seem like some sort of fairytale, but for me, this was something/someone I knew I needed in my life to address the laundry list of serious issues I'd been dealing with (I was 27 at the time, had quit my job, left my fiance, and was living at home doing absolutely nothing).  


The work I did with this woman was so unbelievably necessary, I felt elated (overwhelmed and very emotional, yes, but quite literally ELATED), every single time I spoke to her. She was extremely dedicated, would answer me if I texted or called in an urgent situation, rescheduled many appointments, as she knew I was really struggling to hold on to a day-to-day schedule at that point, she lent me books and even gave me login credentials to join webinars that she had been invited to which she thought might be helpful for me (I have a professional background in mental health, which she also managed to navigate with ease, while so many other therapists I'd seen were either uncomfortable when I asked "clinical questions", etc. 

I was seeing her either once or twice a week for 1.5 - 2 hours, and the time would fly. I had also been approved for Disability Assistance, following several weeks in the hospital (voluntary commitment in the midst of a manic/borderline psychotic episode - I have Bipolar Type 1 Disorder). I wanted to simply add that I credit her for helping me to not only navigate the process of applying for SSDI, but further, I believe that the detailed notes and testimonial she provided were likely so in-depth, that I was approved in under 7 weeks (I've heard this is very quick, and that most people have to appeal at least). 

I hate that I didn't see this at the time, but about 6 months ago I abruptly ended our relationship (just ceased communication), as I was frustrated by the idea she was suggesting (my not yet going back to work, given I was only just granted SSDI and based on her professional opinion of my stability). Looking back, I know I was becoming hypomanic, was allowing my former (then) partner to begin gaslighting me left and right, while I frantically tried to prepare us for a move to Manhattan, a visit from his mother (3 weeks, which he notified me of 2 weeks before her arrival), and obvious fluctuations in my behavior, as my psychiatrist had been altering my medication regimen following serious GI complications. Bottom line: She had done nothing to make me question her... in fact she'd never told me to do anything at all, but at the time, I wasn't in my right mind and it seemed like the obvious thing to do - I ceased all contact with her, had 2 or 3 sessions unpaid, never called or emailed her. Nothing. 

I've sought out therapy since then, as I've gone through a fairly traumatic couple of months (I was raped on 3 different occasions by my former partner, and he remained in our home, which caused me to feel as though I was under threat all the time; I contracted COVID right after he left our apartment; I recently had to relocate to another apartment because my housemate was in the process of a divorce from her husband, and as I only had a sublease with her, I willingly left to avoid anymore conflict, and I'm currently back at home, realizing that I had distanced myself from nearly everyone I knew prior to meeting my ex, and there was just... nobody in my life, which was my own doing.

I want nothing more than to establish a relationship with my former therapist, not only to deal with the aftershock of everything above, but also because when I was regularly seeing her, I felt far more in touch with and in control of my own mental and emotional wellbeing. 

I JUST DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO THIS. Please don't think I'm an idiot, but I genuinely feel paralyzed, especially because of the way I had treated her when we stopped speaking.

CAN ANYONE RECOMMEND/SUGGEST HOW BEST TO GET BACK IN TOUCH WITH HER/WHAT TO SAY/ANY ADVICE?

If you've read this far, you're truly a wonderful person, and know that I appreciate you so very much.

Thank you, everyone