I've been loved as a child, but I'm emotionally dependent
I don't know what's wrong with me. I was a planned child, my parents were and are still together, I grew up with both of them in a overall good financial situation. I wasn't spoiled materially, but I was emotionally: I always had the love and care I needed. My parents would spend a lot of time with me, we did a lot of things. Even when my little brother was born they didn't force me to take care of him, yes they were more focused on him and I was jealous, but like any normal child I guess.

Still, I can't live my relationships properly. I've had two boyfriends and my attachment towards them was completely unhealthy. i basically canceled myself as a single person and only focused on them, on being their girlfriend and the center of their world. spent every day of the relationship thinking about them, how to make them happy, how lucky i was to be with them, how i was finally worth living. this resulted in me being jealous and controlling, for a mad fear of losing them. and when I naturally did, because relationships come to an end eventually, I never recovered. I mourned their loss as if they were dead and completely forgot about myself and my individuality. 

I didn't and still can't find joy in having friends, cultivating hobbies, or just being myself, if I don't have a boyfriend. I feel ugly and useless. Even if my friends care about me, I feel unwanted if I don't have a boy that cares about me. Jealousy is also a crucial part of my life, I strongly envy everyone from family members to close friends to strangers. 

I did some research and it comes off as emotional dependency, which is fine, but the cause is always one and only one: lack of love in childhood. It doesn't resonate with my life experiences, yet I have all the signs of this dependency. It hurts because I think that if I knew why I feel this way, I could handle it better and make it go away.

So, can emotional dependency come from reasons other than daddy/mommy issues? What can I do to fix it?