An ex-friend manipulated me (I think? Idk) and everyone said ditch him and now that I have I don’t know if it was the right thing.
Okay so, a ex-friend (14m) of mine (16f) was in a dark spot in life when we became friends. I was kinda just always there for him and ditched my plans and school to text him and listen to his problems. So he started to expect it from me always. He’d get upset when I wanted to sleep at 3am and manipulated (at least I think he did I’m not sure) would guilt trip me and make me feel bad if I ever left him alone. He’d also say stuff like “I’d never be mad at you” which made *me* feel like I had to reciprocate that even though I was routinely upset with him and just was like idk I let him walk all over me. I did like him but that passed really really fast once the sleep deprivation and mental health issues caused by being his therapist friend at all hours of the day set in. 

My parents didn’t know I was up all the time and was skipping school to talk to him but when they did find out I got grounded. Thank God they did because frankly I was able to have a month of life away from him and realized how nice it was to not have someone’s life problems and dark thoughts vented to you 24/7. And what it was like to have free time for myself. I also panic texted my aunt when I got grounded and she really helped me realize this was not a normal friendship and he was being unfair to me.

So, skip forward a few months. I’m ungrounded, I’ve told his parents he’s a danger to himself (he wouldn’t get help And was extremely self destructive and acted like he was gonna off himself) (and also because I mentally can’t handle him anymore by myself—I’m dead tired, don’t even wash my face half the time, get up late, grades have fallen, etc.) and he was surprisingly chill with it. He has a therapist at this point but tells me about how he avoids telling the therapist stuff bc he “like me more”. At this point I started distancing myself a bit.

I set boundaries. He…did not like that. He demanded an explanation when I finally decided that I don’t want him always so close to me (when we sat together he’d always sit by me (get upset if I didn’t save him a seat) and sit up close to me where he’s basically leaning on me). At first the closeness was exciting for me. Again, I quickly realized it was not a good thing. Anyways I set boundaries for when I’m online, what times I’m online, how he sits by me in public (as in, not in my personal space), stuff like that. It was met with guilt tripping, manipulation (which he confessed to manipulation but said it was by “accident” like what—), and demands for why I didn’t stop him before and he wanted explanations. I just told him that I wasn’t really caring about my wants at the time (which was true, I put him first almost always) but now I am and this is just how I feel. There’s no explanation for my feelings they just are there. He also made creepy comments.

At this point my family knew the full extend (almost at least, we’re talking like five months of straight sleep deprivation and talking to him all the time) of what was going on with him and what he was saying to me and they’d noticed his clingy-ness. They all told me to ditch him. So, I did. Slowly at first but we’re almost no contact at this point (I asked some Reddit peoples recently and they convinced me to get to the low contact stage I’m in now). 

I’ve been arguing with myself that this was the right thing to do for ages. I want to talk to him sometimes even though I kind of hate the dude and definitely don’t actually wanna talk to him. It’s like an addiction. You don’t wanna but you do. The guilt was pretty much gone until today my older brother (19m) was saying how he liked the guy and thought he was fun or sm. I said I didn’t wanna talk about him and that he was an idiot. My brother said i was being harsh on him and i was being mean. This dude that guilted me into sleep deprivation and bad grades to make himself feel better. And *I* was being *mean*?  I feel bad now. Like did I do the wrong thing? I’m so happy now and I have so much free time for *me*. I’m so confused….

Edit: if anyone has questions feel free to ask. This is kinda a vent post and talking about this makes it easier for me to process. At this point I’m not gonna rekindle our friendship because of the emotional problems he caused but I do still feel bad about it since he’s so attached to me. I don’t feel that bad anymore, it’s better now, but I used to agonize over it for ages lol