My wife just beat a dog to death, and I need a safe place to vent.
First disclaimers: this is a throwaway, and my wife is a huge animal lover.

Backstory: we live in an urban, economically depressed area. People in our neighborhood breed pitbulls, sometimes for fighting, and are always dumb enough to think that they can "just sell the puppies" (which never happens). There are, or were, 3 dogs in particular on my street that have been a menace for years now. The owners are good natured people, but very low-IQ. They do try to keep their dogs under control, but these dogs will get out from time to time and immediately go to attack the first dog they see. 

Our dogs (and my wife for trying to separate them) were attacked in February in such an instance. I'm still furious about that event: she was taking our leashed dogs for a walk, and said neighbor opened her front door at the  the same time and just said "OOPS" as her dogs ran across the street and clamped their jaws around the necks of my dogs on my own front porch we started keeping a aluminum baseball bat just behind the front door in case it ever happened again. We found out then that we were the first people to file a report with animal control- we found this out because we pleaded with animal control to take all these animals. The owners are dirt poor and on disability, they had no money for medical expenses, and to make matter worse, my wife had been giving these people dog food because she felt bad that they couldn't afford to feed them from time to time. Last year these dogs straight up killed two dogs that lived next door to them. Everyone on the street is in agreement that these dogs need to be surrendered.

Today: It happened again. Not with our dogs this time, but another person's dog a few doors down. We heard the god-awful racket that meant that these people's dogs were, again, attacking other animals on the street. I rushed out to confirm what was happening so I could call the cops and get the owners' attention (again)- there were all three of the problem dogs latched onto the neighbor's Cane Corso and four people I have never seen in my life trying to separate them (turns out they were just people driving by). My wife then takes the bat we have by the door, and goes to assist separating the dogs, and it ends with her screaming and beating one of the three dogs to death while the dog that was attacked got safely indoors and the other two of the three pack ran down the street. The sound was horrible. Other neighbors were walking up with guns. The attacking dogs' owners never answered their door even though their screen door was closed/front door open.

Once the cops/animal control turned up to make reports, one of the two owners drives up. It turns out that she had to rush her husband to the ER because he had a stroke, and somewhere in between the time they left and the ensuing shitshow the dogs got out. Most likely because nobody shut the actual front door in the rush so the dogs pushed their way out. We pleaded with animal control again: please take the remaining animals- you have at least one report of them being vicious, everyone is out on the street corroborating a long history, and all the present owner can say about it all is "I'm so sorry". They did not take the remaining dogs. Now, two hours later, the owner has left again presumably to be with her husband in the hospital, and has left the front door open to her house (screen door closed) AGAIN with no supervision for the remaining two dogs.

Here's where I'm fucked over this, and why I just need to vent: it was my idea to keep the bat at the door after we were attacked on our own front porch, and I personally have no qualms with dispatching these dogs myself after what we've all had to deal with in the last 5 years. It was horrible, and it was horribly necessary based on prior experience. No, what fucks me about this is that I wasn't in shock or upset about the dog attack so much as I was extremely upset that this was happening and my neighbor wasn't answering his door to get his animals. My first thought wasn't "oh, he's not answering, is my neighbor okay?" it was "this stupid asshole let his dogs out again and can't even be bothered to come out to get them while they attack, in a pack, on my street. Typical. Can't even be bothered to come to his front fucking door." That's what fucks me up about it. The whole situation has been so bad for so long that my first reaction is "this idiot's dog got exactly what was coming, and I feel bad that it had to happen on a day he had a life threatening emergency". I hope he (the owner with the stroke) is okay, I really, really do. 

Thanks for listening.