Is it okay to not tell my new therapist that the psychologist I had send for years suspected I have autism?
I saw my last psychologist since I was 16, I’m 20 now. 


He said once when I was 17 that I might have aspergers, and when I asked him about it again this year he maintained his position that it’s a possibility. 


Aside from that my aunt is a school counselor (10+ years). My mom told me yesterday that a few months ago she asked my mom if I had aspergers. Keep in mind my mom had never mentioned what my therapist said to her family, so I was surprised to hear this. Especially because my aunt is not very mental health- inclined. 


In addition to all that, I was friends with a counselor and a client of their’s that was my best friend at the time. After a few months of occasionally talking to the counselor (though never in a therapy session, it was a community building) my best friend told me that the counselor asked him if I was on the spectrum (lol).


Obviously none of that is at all definitive, though my little brother is autistic and I have had a ton of signs all my life. 


My therapist said there’s not really a treatment for it so I saw no reason to explore it  when I have other pressing mental health concerns. 


Anyways, I am seeing a new therapist soon. I do not want to mention autism at all, because I do not want it to affect how the therapist treats or views me 


Plus, I was never told for sure that I had it. So it may cause more harm for them to adapt their approach towards a condition that I might not have 


**I am wondering if this is in any way detrimental to my progress as a client**. 

To be honest I wouldn’t be surprised if they eventually brought it up, it’s not hard to tell that I am “odd”. And I know autism is a lot more than “odd”, but my family and I have noticed that people tend to treat me differently, so there is *something* noticeable. 


Should I tell my psychiatrist as well? I’m more receptive to telling her because it might be important in terms of my behavior/ medication.