Why am I obsessed with celebrities‘ sad life stories?
I‘m an adult who‘s always been really into music business and celebrities. I got so into it that it soon became all I did everyday: research more about what goes on behind the scenes etc. 
Now, every other year I experience something quite weird. I get extremely obsessed with certain celebrities, but not because of their personality or talent, but rather because of their „sob story“, if you wanna call it that. 

I was going through some eating issues as a teenager and when I discovered this female celebrity also had an eating disorder, I could not stop thinking about her story. I overanalyzed videos from years ago to „detect“ clues of her issues and felt incredibly accomplished when someone else recognized her problems and asked if she was okay. 
Now, that‘s probably cause I didn‘t have that growing up I assume. 
I kinda got over it and thought „wow, I was so obsessed with this girl, this is crazy, I‘m now living my own life!“ 

Little did I know that just 2 years later, I became obsessed with another celebrity. But it once again wasn‘t their music or personality, but rather the oppression they faced when they were huge stars that made them interesting to me. I became obsessed with analyzing their every interview just because I felt bad for them (I guess?). It took over my whole day and their sad lifestory was just in my head like all the time - even though this time I wasn‘t even relating to them. 

Now, a few months later I got over it and I thought: „wow, I was so into their story, I completely forgot to live my own! It was crazy how obsessed I was“ (btw not scarily obsessed - I never stalked them or anything like that). I thought this could NEVER happen again. 
Now, a few months later, we are once again in lockdown and coincidentally, I came across a celeb I had never paid attention to before and started getting into her music and interviews and stuff. I soon realized that she had been going through a tough time for a while because of her nasty divorce. Now, I have never even been in a relationship so I cannot relate to that kind of heartbreak at all. However, I did experience a lot of loneliness and anxiety and basically the worst year of my life in 2021. When I watched her and she talked about her struggles in the past months, though they were completely different than mine, I somehow felt seen. Once again, I started getting so into her content that I literally analyzed every tear she shed talking about her love life. I literally googled „_____ crying“ so many times, just cause I wanted to see what exactly made her cry and connect that to her story. I overanalyzed every interaction of her on tv and when people cared for her and asked her how she was (especially males), I felt such joy. My mind goes a little like this: omg she‘s crying -&gt; aw, surely because that song reminded her of her ex husband -&gt; is anyone else noticing that? -&gt; aw, her friend saw it and is now asking her if she‘s okay -&gt; he probably knows she‘s not okay though cause he knows details about her life that I don‘t -&gt; that somehow brings me joy. 
I have absolutely no idea why I do that, I thought it could never ever happen again after the last time, but it did. Maybe because I, myself, didn‘t get that kind of attention when I was going through tough times? Or maybe because my friends never actually asked if I was alright so seeing someone else get that kind of attention somehow fixes something in me? I actually get so excited when I watch her interviews and she slips something about her divorce or about tough times and I have no idea why. Maybe because I feel for her a little TOO much? I now think about her all the time and literally my whole life (in lockdown) revolves around her livestreams, music and interviews. I almost get a little depressed when I know there‘s nothing I can look forward to from her. Also, I even get a little upset when she doesn’t spill everything about her divorce cause I feel like I could „relate“ (? even though I don’t) even more if I knew everything about it (which is ridiculous, I know). Even though I do like her as a person, she has a great personality and music, the main focus of mine has been her sad personal story and I DON‘T KNOW WHY. Maybe because she’s literally the only person I „know“ has admitted that she also struggled in 2021 (none of my friends apparently have). I feel crazy even typing this cause I‘ve never heard someone else talk about this.
Funnily enough the only time I didn‘t feel that way about a celebrity was when I was in love for the first time with this guy and my whole life revolved around HIS attention. 
Also, this always happens to specific celebrities. I couldn‘t care less about other celebrities‘ eating disorders or divorce problems, but sometimes a certain celeb hits me.