Did I do the right thing?
Hey, so first of all,  please give an HONEST answer. I don't want to live with any doubt.

So, I've already made a post on this [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/therapy/comments/qykph0/im_having_trouble_with_a_suicidal_stranger/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)

But basically, to quick sum it. A 15 year old suicidal girl came to me and started discussing how she wanted to die. I'm under 18, and am in no way able to really help her. (Read other post for full details)

So a week has passed. She did attempt suicide but I was able to call her and talk her out of it. I didn't call the police(This will come up later). She was much happier for a while after. I didn't want to stay on discord, so I offered to help set her life back up, till I leave in 2 weeks. 

I gave her several suicide counseling sites. A few positive social discord servers. Met a couple awesome people for her to talk too. And listened when ever she was feeling down. 

I learned she has problems with eating "addiction"(Basically eats whatever she can, and rages without food)-
And Mastur******(Can't stop, even when it hurts)

I advised her too see a doctor on all this stuff.  She said her parents may not allow it. (Seems to have problems with abuse. Eg. Hitting, and embarrassment tactics)

Things were going decent tho. She was recovering, and sounded happier each day. Well, till a couple days ago. She started getting sad again. I couldn't seem to help. I asked her to talk on some of the social servers, so she can make real life-long friends, but she refused. Never said why. Recently, when I didn't talk for a little less then 1 day, she got passive-aggressive and upset. Now, she won't talk at all anymore. 

She's been talking about wanting to commit suicide since she was 9. I'm no doctor,  but she refuses to see one. Or really talk to anyone else, except a couple people. (Whom I wouldn't consider quality) 

By this point, I feel like I've done everything I could do. Talking too her everyday, supporting, and giving her lines too professional help.

The only thing I haven't done is called the police. Being honest here, idk what too do. For personal reasons, I have a great adversity for calling the police in this situation. I'll do it if I have too, but... idk.. 

I heard calling the police is only done if absolutely necessary when it comes to suicide. I didn't before, and now I'm wondering if I made a fatal mistake. Should I do it now? I only know her phone number, and that she's from  the Philippines. I reported her to Discord Trust and Safety, but my email broke, and idk if they responded with anything. I already gave them all the info I know though..

So ya, I'm hitting the point where I'm doubting myself, and wondering on what too do now. Do wait for her too respond? Call the police? I've basically done everything in the replies of my last post, short of wellness check. 

Again, please give a honest reply. I rather know I messed up, then live with doubt my whole life.

Note: My parents don't know about this, and I don't want to bring them into this. (Part of the police thing)