Angry at my therapist for bailing our session at the last minute.
I had a session today at 3. He called at our time and told me that he was going to have to cancel the session at the last minute and move it to in person on Wednesday because it would be better for us to be able to see each other and be in the same room for it. He said it's hard to know what's going on or if I'm starting to disassociate. I get that. It makes sense...but I have agoraphobia and severe social anxiety and leaving my house is a nightmare. I have no one to go with me, and I have constant nightmares of getting lost on the bus. It's my worst fear. I also have no one who can take me at the last minute, no money for an Uber and 2 bus tickets left, so I'm done if I mess up and get lost. I'm also LD and get lost just going from the kitchen to the bedroom. This is a very real fear and he knows that.

I just wish he had brought it up last session 2 weeks ago instead of at the last minute like he did. I'm angry. I've been waiting for this session for 2 weeks to see him. Its not even the extra 2 days that bothers me; its the lack of communication and bailing on me that I'm really angry about. There was a short explanation and then I felt like I had to agree to Wednesday because he couldn't see me- there was really not a choice for me. And I couldn't talk to him about it because he had to go.

He's retiring in March and I've only got 8 more sessions with him before I'm starting with a new therapist because I only see him almost every 2 weeks.

I was going to talk to him about going to once a week but couldn't because he canceled. Its hard enough that I'm moving to a new therapist because of his retirement and then in 6 months I'm moving and having to start again with another one. I will have had 4 therapists in 2 years because 2 retired and the other one just turned out to not be a good match. I'm hoping this new one will be a good match. 

 He's one of the 2 or 3 people I feel like I can trust and he does this?! Nahhhh no thanks. I wish I could just quit until I see my new therapist because I'm terrified of going out alone, but I know I need to be seeing someone. 

I was also going to talk to him about me recently realizing that I have an addiction problem, but that's probably not going to happen because there's so many other things I need to talk about. So much has happened in the last 2 weeks and I only get 30-50 minutes with him every week and a half to 2 weeks. 

/rant

If you've read this, thank you. I'm sorry if it is all jumbled, I just wanted to get it all out in writing.