Need advice or an opinion, at least...Please.
For a whole week in September, I (F24) tried reaching out to my best friend of 6 years, "Adam" (M23) to talk but he hasn't responded. I saw he was active online, so I called him. He didn't respond. Ghosting was really unlikely for him, and I was getting kind of worried because I know his father was recently diagnosed with cancer.

I later come to find out that he was talking with my abusive ex "Kyle" (M29) about my depression!!!!!!!!!!

I was furious at Adam and so betrayed. My one girl friend was trying to get answers out of him, with no response.

A couple of days later, after some prodding from me, Adam finally responded and admitted to talking to my ex.

He told me that he was ignoring me because I was "slandering his boyfriend". His boyfriend "Jake" (M24) is a jerk to him. This guy lies about the cost of his car, tells outrageous stories, and...oh yeah, tried to manipulate my ex-best friend into moving in with him after only dating for 2 months.

When Adam told Jake he wasn't going to move in, Jake did NOT take "No" for an answer, which set off all the alarm bells for me. I was in similar (Non-Sexual) situations where my abusive ex wouldn't take "No" for an answer. Anyway, they agreed to wait 1 year before moving in, and the last time we discussed the situation, my friend told me that he was "leery" of his boyfriend. He was also wondering why he hasn't gotten an invite to his apartment, where I told him that I didn't think he should be staying over at his place in the first place. And now, he's telling me that he's a good guy just trying to get his life together.

He apologized for going to my ex and ignoring me, but the irreparable damage has already been done. I told him that I didn't think we should be friends anymore, and he said he would respect that as what he did was wrong. Even worse, he refused to give me an answer as to why he felt the need to go to my ex. His resistance is to the point where he refused to call my Mom back!!!! (She was very understandably concerned about the situation, as we've had to go to the police after my Ex showed up at my job after I broke up with him.) We have not spoken since.

I told a mutual friend "Alice" (F24) that if she wanted to have a party with both of us there, as long as he stayed away from me, I would be OK with going as long as I brought my boyfriend "Oscar" (M25) as a buffer.

Well, she had a party, and guess who wasn't on the guest list. But Adam and Jake were!!!!

Haven't taken any action except blocking Alice, and it's caused me to be depressed. I feel like I can't trust anyone about my depression without them finding a way to hold it against me. I'm in the market for new friends.

I feel like something was ripped out of me, I feel so hurt and betrayed by his actions, but at the same time, I miss everything we were. I'm fighting inside my head if something I did caused this, was this all my fault? Did I deserve this? Was I a bad friend? Should I have given Jake another chance?

It's been months and I'm still mourning the loss, how do I overcome this????

I hope the mods don't categorize this as opinion-gathering. I'm wondering if what I did possibly pushed Adam deeper into Jake's web, and how can I avoid this thing in the future?

TL;DR: Best Friend told my abusive ex about my depression, because I was "Slandering" his a-hole boyfriend. Hoping that I didn't cause any of this. Still mourning.