my gf is extremely suicidal and i think she finally reached her breaking point even with me trying to help her
my gf is thinking about suicide

my girlfriend is a product of a rape. her mother was raped by her husband and as a result she was born. her mom divorced him and found a new man a few years later. her new step dad has beat her on numerous occasions, and has watched her mother/siblings be beat as well. she has had no one to open up to her whole life. her stepdad tried raping her as well. he’s stupid rich and tries filling up their pockets to try to replace the fact he is a horrible father. she tells me i am the only thing keeping her alive and i won’t be able to see her the next few days due to covid. she has been sending me snaps of her wrists all cut up for the past few days and it’s seriously messing me up, and i feel guilty because she refuses to open up to me. why doesn’t she feel comfortable enough to open up to me? i have had such an easy childhood compared to hers so i feel as though i don’t deserve to talk to her about her struggles. her previous bfs have all either cheated on her or left them without giving anything in the relationship. i want to confront her stepdad but i also don’t want to ruin the potential of a long term healthy relationship. he’s also super protective over her and doesn’t trust me even though he is the rapist and the abuser. she tells me she’s tired of being not enough and that she won’t see me for a long time on wednesday. i asked her about it and she said that it was just a hair appt but i don’t believe her. i tell her that i love her everyday and that i’ll never leave her but she doesn’t even trust me because she has been manipulated by so many men in her life.  i want to see her now and hug her for hours and tell her i love her rn but i can’t and i have never been more stressed in my life. the amount of guilt i would feel if she committed suicide. i’m the person she is closest to and she still won’t open up to me completely. i tell her that she needs someone to cry to and let it all out but she still won’t listen. she won’t listen to me when i tell her that i’ll never leave her and that i love her but she won’t listen to me and i don’t know what to do. please help me.