This is a semi long story about sexual abuse and victim blaming at work then another job triggering everything with an email a year later. Am I being a cry baby?
I did a job where I worked with mentally ill/intellectually disabled adults.  My whole thing was to go into their homes and make sure that they were taking care of themselves properly.  I loved this job a lot.  I got the opportunity to meet a lot of unique people and hear all about their lives and I found it to be fun most of the time.  I also figured this job was great experience for me since I'm going to college for Social Work.

Anyway, I joined up with this one company,  let's just call them IS. While at IS they told me that they were going to put me with a client that was a triple TBI. He's a horrid flirt and I was informed it was best to tell him that I was married and I was very much in love.  That was what usually worked to get him to back off.  I took the advice and even went to Wal-Mart and bought a $10 "engagement" ring.

One of my #1 rules while working is NO ONE touches me.  I don't give hugs, I don't give or receive pants, you may not touch my clothes.  I want absolutely no misinterpretation that I am a friend, lover, or whatever.  I make sure that there is a clear line of "I work for a company that provides you assistance.".

I worked with this client one day and everything went alright.  I handed him his medication, I did my usual briefing to get to know who I'm working with and all that jazz.

The second day comes around and it didn't go so great.

I was standing in the hall of his apartment complex waiting for him to come in from taking his dog outside.  I was wearing my giant fluffy winter coat, gloves, and my binder with a strap.

He comes in and rubs my arm and I politely remove his hand and state that I'm not okay with being touched.  I'll do a handshake as a greeting or a high five, but that is it.

He started making comments like "Oh, don't be like that.  I'm just being friendly!".  I told him it's as unprofessional me to put my hands on him as him to put his hands on me.

He said something along the lines of "Don't be a man hating bitch" and did that one move where he was "rubbing" my arm but was actually going for my chest.  I'm far from being small chested and it's been that way since I hit puberty.  I know all the tricks and games males have tried to pull to get a feel or see down my shirt.

I get pissed and smack his hand away and yell at him not to touch me.  He gets mad and starts screaming at me that I'm nothing but a man hating b**** and I must be a useless lay and all kinds of other vulgar verbal abuses.

I called up my boss explained the situation and she tried talking the client down. She did inform both of us that I am allowed to call the police.

I really didn't see the point.  This man had really bad short term memory.  He struggled with remembering if he even fed his dog or not.

After a couple of days my boss asked me "What did you do to lead him on to make him think it was okay to touch you like that?".

I was absolutely stunned that she even said that to me! Without thinking the first words out of my mouth were "Did you just victim blame me?".  I honestly didn't realize I said the words out loud until she started back peddling super hard.

I ended up having a bit of a breakdown and was basically fired because of that.  I didn't care.  I was so happy to be out of there.

I get hired on with another company, let's call this one RM, and the woman hiring me on used to work for the exact same company.

I figured honesty was the best way to go and I let her know that I was groped by a client and that caused me to go to therapy.  She easily guessed which client and stated that if I felt uncomfortable with a client then they could easily switch me out.

It turned out it wasn't a client that made that job hard but the HR woman during orientation made it hard.  

One of our assignments was to use a slang term for a sexual body part.  I stated I didn't feel comfortable doing it. I was told that I had no choice.  That right away pushed into my head "tell me you like it.".  I went into a panic attack and left.  This was only after 3 days.  I wrote a review on Indeed that I felt that this company doesn't take into consideration how staff feels about certain things even when notified. I also made a comment that I felt it promoted rape culture by forcing staff to make comments that they do not want to make and blah blah blah.

So, here is where I get to the point and thanks for hanging out this long!

I received an email from RM a YEAR LATER asking me about my experience at RM and why I voluntary left.

I feel myself distracted by this email and constantly thinking about it.  Should I reply to it and explain why?  Does it really matter? Will it make a difference for someone else on how they handle that kind of thing? 

Should I just delete the email and just let it go?