How do you cope with life when adulthood is basically just doing things you don't want to do all the time until you die? Not asking how to commit suicide
I'm getting to the point where I resent being born because it's just doing things you don't want to do until you die. I hated school, I hate working, I don't like people very much tbh. I feel like I was born to fulfill my parents urges to have children to distract them from how fundamentally unhappy/meaningless life is, like they just passed the buck.

Like it's to the point where I basically never spend money unless I absolutely have to because the thought of spending my time as crystalized as money makes me want to throw up, but also because when I spend money that forces other people to do things they don't want to do. It feels like life is this awful blood wheel that we have to keep feeding because we don't want to think directly about how life is just really bad most of the time.

It's not really capitalism (I mean, it is) but it's more that violence and misery is baked into everything. Even the dirt we walk on is decayed life. The food we eat grows on death whether that's the soil our plants grow from or the animals that have been forced to live in the frankly horrifying meat industry. The best part of a chicken's life is when it dies because that means it's life is over.

Or, like, ice cream. Everyone loves ice cream, right? Cows being milked, udders bloody, leaking and crusted over in pus and blood. Children torn from mothers after they've been forcibly inseminated. Awful for the environment. Wasteful. Unnecessary. It seems like even the things that give us relief are violent and horrible.

To be clear the point isn't animal rights. I know the internet loves to get Big Mad about people thinking it may be bad to eat animals or whatever and I really don't want to read those comments because they're very tiring. The larger point I'm trying to make is that everything is horrible and there's no escape. Like I'm getting to this point where I feel like as thinking animals if we don't kill ourselves we're complicit or even taking an active role in how awful the world is

I've tried and failed to post this on /r/nostupidquestions and /r/morbidquestions but I keep getting filtered! Not looking for a step by step guide on how to hang myself or whatever just existential malaise guys, jesus fuck