

CONTEXT: The steak was cooked to perfection.
You enjoy your steak.
Your steak is too tough for you.
You tell the chef that your steak was overcooked.
You ask for a new steak.


CONTEXT: I like the way you dress.
thank you


CONTEXT: I made love to you last night.
Love you
Make love to you
Pee on the rug
Love you


CONTEXT: We need to talk about our relationship.
A) Don't talk about it.
B) Wait for the other person to talk first.
C) Talk about it here and now.
D) Meet privately and talk in person.
A) Don't talk about it.
B) Wait for the other person to talk first.
C) Talk about it here and now.
D) Meet privately and talk in person.


CONTEXT: I don't know what happened."
The person is in shock.
The person is hurt and goes to the hospital.
The person is confused and needs help.
The person is feeling lost and needs support.


CONTEXT: I'm sorry, but you have to leave right now or else we will get into trouble with the law.
Apologize for what I have said
Bargain for another way to leave
Deny that anything is wrong


CONTEXT: We got a flat tire on the way home and it's going to take us a while to get it fixed."
Go home and call AAA.
Go to the nearest gas station for help.
Get a ride with a friend or a family member.
Take the bus, carpool or walk.
Walk to friends house
Call your friend


CONTEXT: It is cold outside and you are wearing a thin jacket.
Put on a thicker jacket


CONTEXT: It is raining outside and you are riding a bike.
You pull out an umbrella


CONTEXT: It is sunny outside and your new shoes are getting wet.
a) Put on your old shoes to walk around outside.
b) Put on a pair of boots.
c) Don't go anywhere near the water.
d) Find a place indoors to change your shoes.
e) Take off your wet shoes and put them in your pocket to dry


CONTEXT: The children are walking to their bus stop.
Engage in conversation with your neighbor to ensure the children are safe.
Call the school to make sure they have your address on file.
Call their mother to make sure she's aware of the situation.
Call your doctor and get a note for school explaining that you're not feeling well today.
Find out if there is an after-school program the children could participate in.
Remind them that it's not polite to talk on a cell phone while walking around other people.
Make plans for after school so parents can pick up their children and the children can be given homework assignments at home and sent back off to school tomorrow morning for a day of learning before a long weekend break from school (in case they need to catch up).
Give them a pep talk and encourage them to keep on going, know that they'll make it to the bus stop eventually.
Ask what they have planned for dinner tonight and make suggestions for something quick and easy so they won't be too hungry when they get home from school tomorrow night
Tell them that, no matter what happens, you will always love them no matter what happens and you'll be there for them when they need you


CONTEXT: The children are watching a movie together.
Discuss what they are going to watch next.
Discuss the films they watched in the past.
Discuss the movies that are coming out soon.
Watch something else.


CONTEXT: The children are playing with their toys.
Stop the children from playing


CONTEXT: The children are learning how to ride a bike.
Give your son a helmet
Catch a ball
Give a high five
Jump into the air
Give your arm to your friend
Offer to help your friend


CONTEXT: The children are eating dinner at home.
Say hi to the children as you walk in the door.
Pick up the ponchos on the floor and hang them on hooks.
Say hi to your spouse and ask what he or she wants for dinner.
Walk into the kitchen and say hi to the kids as they eat dinner.
Pick up wet towels that are on the floor and put them in the laundry basket.
Ask your spouse what he or she wants for dinner


CONTEXT: A volcano erupts on the island of Hawaii
evacuate the island


CONTEXT: A forest fire breaks out in California
Set up the fire engine to fight the fire
Set up the fire engine to fight the fire


CONTEXT: A hurricane hits the southern United States
A) Go to the local emergency center and donate blood.
B) Purchase a bottle of water
C) Stay home
D) Get a solar-powered flashlight


CONTEXT: My phone battery is dead.
Find a charger
Plug in my phone
Charge my phone
Charge my phone from an outlet
Get my phone fixed
Get a new phone


CONTEXT: My work shirt is stained.
Put on a different shirt.
Wash the shirt.
Launder the shirt.
Dry clean the shirt.


CONTEXT: I forgot my wallet and now I can't buy lunch.
I'll buy lunch for the group.


CONTEXT: I spilled coffee on my computer and need to get it fixed.
Call the IT Department at work and ask for a new computer.
Ask your significant other to borrow their phone and call your IT Department at work for you.
Go to the grocery store and buy some tissues.
Clean off the keyboard with a napkin/paper towel.
Take the battery out of the mouse and the keyboard and clean them with water/soap
Optionally, go on the computer's desktop and delete any files that have been affected by coffee
Optionally, wipe down all surfaces of computer
Optionally, take a picture of the keyboard in case you need to submit it with a warranty claim
Stop using your computer until it is fixed


CONTEXT: Worker: I have to go to work today.
Go to work


CONTEXT: Boss: I'm sorry, you'll have to come in tomorrow because I'm in a meeting all day.
Complain that it's so unfair
Ask if you can work from home
Offer to cover for the boss in the meeting


CONTEXT: Worker: Great, can you please get me a ride to the bus stop?
I could call you a cab
I could tell you there are buses that go near your bus stop
I could give you a ride to the bus stop myself


CONTEXT: Boss: Sure, just let me know when you're ready to leave.
Alert the boss that you are ready to leave
Call the boss to tell them that you are leaving
Leave without alerting the boss
Start packing your things


CONTEXT: I want to make macaroni and cheese.
Make macaroni
Make cheese
Make macaroni and cheese
Make lasagna
Make spaghetti with meat sauce
Cook something else
Go to the store to buy ingredients for macaroni and cheese
Call someone to order some macaroni and cheese
Call the cops because someone broke into my house


CONTEXT: I want to make a cake.
Bake the cake
Buy and make a cake
Buy a cake
Bake the cake
Buy and make a cake
Buy a cake


CONTEXT: I want to make spaghetti.
Purchase spaghetti sauce
Make spaghetti from scratch
Hire a chef to make spaghetti
Go to the store and purchase spaghetti
Find a recipe for spaghetti


CONTEXT: my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
Call the police
Buy a new car
Walk to a nearby gas station
Drive to the nearest service station for assistance


CONTEXT: I was in a car accident and I got arrested
I am in a jail cell


CONTEXT: my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
A) Call the police
B) Call AAA
C) Call a friend
D) Walk to the gas station on foot
A) Call the police


CONTEXT: my car broke down on the side of the road and I had to walk to a gas station to get help
get a ride to the nearest gas station
call a tow truck
look for alternative transportation
call for backup/911


CONTEXT: Neighbor finds out you have been spraying your yard with pesticides.
Respond to the neighbor's accusation,
apologize for what you did,
deny that you were spraying your yard,
apologize for what you did but say it was in the name of pest control,
give a story about your pest control service and how you will use less pesticides in the future,
apologize, deny, and give a story


CONTEXT: Neighbor thinks you are selling drugs on the side of your house.
Convince the neighbor that you are not a drug dealer.


CONTEXT: Neighbor's dog just got hit by a car and now they don't want to be around it.
Call the police
Offer to get the dog some kind of pain relief to calm it down
Get a new leash and take care of it
Get food and water for the neighbor's dog


CONTEXT: Ned is on his way to drop off his daughter at summer camp, but she's not there.
Call the police,
Contact the camp,
Call the girl's parents,
Call a relative


CONTEXT: It's very hot, Ned realizes he forgot his car in the parking lot so he heads back home to get it.
Ned walks back to the parking lot, goes home, and retrieves his car.


CONTEXT: Ned and his wife are going to have a baby.
Ned and his wife are going to have a baby.
Ned's wife is having a baby.
Ned is going to have kids soon.
Ned's wife is pregnant.
Ned and his wife are going to visit family in the hospital with their newborn baby in tow.
Get out the baby clothes for the new arrival!


CONTEXT: If everyone has the same amount of money, it's harder to have a true sense of poverty and inequality.
Increase the amount of money everyone has.


CONTEXT: If people don't have the same amount of money, they can really feel the effects of poverty and inequality.
Congress can pass a law to ensure that all people have access to sufficient income in order support themselves and their families.


CONTEXT: I'm a stay-at-home mom
Call your father for a loan of money.
Tell your husband to clean the garage
Ask your mother if she wants to stay and watch the children while you go out with friends


CONTEXT: I'm an actor
I'm a director
I'm an agent
I'm an actor
I'm an actress
I'm an audience member
I'm in a play
I'm in a theater
I'm in a movie theater
I'm at the movies
I'm watching a movie
I'm watching TV
I'm reading a book
I'm listening to music
I'm playing a musical instrument
My day is not going well


CONTEXT: I'm a nurse
A) I'm listening to the patient
B) I'm washing my hands
C) I'm telling my supervisor about the situation


CONTEXT: I work in finance
Sell my house


CONTEXT: I own my own business
I am a salesperson
I sell my product or service
I carry out a marketing campaign
I am in business development


CONTEXT: A dog goes out for a walk and poops on the ground.
Poop on the ground
Walk around the poop
Paw at the poop
Flick the poop
Wag your tail at the poop
Drop it like it's hot
Dive in and eat it


CONTEXT: A dog goes to a party where there are lots of other animals present.
Bark loudly


CONTEXT: A dog is adopted by a family.
They name the dog.


CONTEXT: A dog is adopted by a student.
The student takes the dog to the vet,
is going to take a photo of her pet,
looks for a new home for the dog.


CONTEXT: A dog attends school and gets bullied.
Kick, bite, bark


CONTEXT: It is a piece of cake to buy a house and find a mortgage
"It's a piece of cake to buy a house and find a mortgage"
"I found a new way to make money by renting my house out."
"I found a new way to make money by renting my house out."


CONTEXT: After six months, you can sell the house and get your money back
Paint the house


CONTEXT: All of your friends envy you for your new home
Thank them for their support
Apologize for not inviting them to view the house
Explain that you are not as wealthy as they think
Offer to take them to view your new home


CONTEXT: Your parents have a house you can live in while saving for your own
Ask them for money
Work at a job
Move in with a friend
Move to the city you want to live in


CONTEXT: I'm bored at work.
Go to the gym
Take a nap
Have a meeting
Play some cards
Call a friend


CONTEXT: I'm bored at work.
I start a meeting


CONTEXT: I'm bored at work.
Go on lunch
Call a friend and go shopping
Talk to someone about the weather


CONTEXT: I'm bored at work.
Prepare for a meeting.
Call the boss to see if there is anything I can do.
Have a break or lunch.
Watch a funny movie
Play with my cat
Go to the gym


CONTEXT: I'm bored at work.
Check my email
Take a short break
Have a snack
Go for a walk outside
Talk on the phone with my boyfriend
Read a book


CONTEXT: When you have a cold, you are always congested so your voice is hoarse.
A)
B)
C)
D)
A) Humidify your home.
B) Drink a lot of water.
C) Drink tea for its soothing properties.
D) Suck on a straw to help clear your nostrils.


CONTEXT: You get sick on the day before finals and miss a huge section of your lecture.
Find a tutor to help you catch up
Pick up any notes that you left behind and study from them
Go back to the lecture hall on finals day to see what you missed
Ask your professor for an extension on the deadline for the paper
Text a friend and ask them to help you study
Talk to your professor about how you might make up for missing the class


CONTEXT: The person you're dating doesn't hold your hand when they walk with you and it makes you feel like they don't care.


CONTEXT: I am so tired that I fall asleep before my alarm goes off in the morning.
Stay up and wake up before the alarm goes off.


CONTEXT: I'm angry at my boss because he doesn't listen to me.
I can tell my boss how I feel


CONTEXT: I'm angry at my mom because she won't let me go to the mall.
A) I slam the door and storm out.
B) I call her after school to scream at her.
C) I call her and tell her everything is fine.
D) I go online and find a new outfit to wear to the mall.
C) I call her and tell her everything is fine.


CONTEXT: I'm angry at my sister because she stole my car.
I could call my sister and yell at her.
I could call the police and report the theft.
I could leave my room.
I could go to my car and drive.
